#QUEST Holl_Gambit
The Dutch Gambit
#TEXT 1-1
My first assignment from the Vice-Director of the Company is to escort Balthazar Ridderbrock. I can find him in the harbor master's office.
#TEXT 1-2
I was too slow completing my mission, and the merchant has sailed without me.
#TEXT 1-3
Balthazar Ridderbrock is now my companion. I am heading to Philipsburg.
#TEXT 1-4
I was too slow, and the merchant decided to leave me behind and sail on alone.
#TEXT 1-5
Balthazar Ridderbrock is dead. The mission has failed, and I have no wish to speak with Rodenburg about it.
#TEXT 1-6
It's done. Balthazar Ridderbrock has reached Philipsburg. I was paid 5,000 pesos—Ridderbrock is an extremely generous man. Heading back to Willemstad.
#TEXT 1-7
Another mission from Lucas Rodenburg—to capture the 'Mirage'. First, I must kill her captain, Jacob van Berg. The Chinese sailor Longway will assist me. He commands the xebec Meifeng, but I've been assigned to take command of her for a while.
#TEXT 1-8
The Meifeng and Longway are under my command. I should look for Jacob van Berg in @<sCity>, at the local tavern. Time to set sail.
#TEXT 1-9
I was too slow, and Longway has left my crew. The mission has failed completely.
#TEXT 1-10
I failed to capture the 'Mirage' without losing the 'Meifeng'. Longway has left my crew. It's best to steer clear of Rodenburg for now...
#TEXT 1-11
Jacob van Berg has been eliminated. I've also come across a most intriguing logbook. It appears van Berg was acting under someone's orders—but whose? And why was he so interested in latitude 12 degrees 48'? And who is this Chinese messenger—Longway? He's the only Asian I've encountered here. So many questions, and not a single answer... One thing is certain: I must search for the 'Mirage' near the Boca de la Sierpe coast.
#TEXT 1-12
I can see the 'Mirage' from here. The pirates are idle and show no sign of suspicion. It seems they recognize the 'Meifeng' as one of their own. Good—I have the first shot.
#TEXT 1-13
I've sunk the 'Mirage'. Failure.
#TEXT 1-14
The battle was a success; the 'Mirage' has been captured. I can now return to Willemstad.
#TEXT 1-15
I've received my reward for capturing the 'Mirage'. Now I must carry out the second part of Lucas Rodenburg's plan. I need to use the 'Mirage' to lure out the English captain, Richard Fleetwood, and eliminate him. To do this, I must inform Fleetwood's spy that the 'Mirage' was spotted near Dominica. John Murdock, the chemist in St. John's, will give me the name of this informer. Longway will aid me in the battle against Fleetwood and help set up an ambush at Dominica.
#TEXT 1-15_1
I was too slow, and mynheer Rodenburg has lost hope of seeing me return. As a result, I am now a wanted man. That was unfortunate for me.
#TEXT 1-16
According to the chemist, Charlie Knippel is the informant I need. He lives not far from the shore.
#TEXT 1-17
Knippel is so naive! It was easy to make him believe all that nonsense. Now I should sail to Dominica and wait for Fleetwood to arrive.
#TEXT 1-18
I've arrived at Dominica, but there's no sign of the 'Meifeng.' Damn Chinese—he might be running late, or... I'll have to handle this myself.
#TEXT 1-19
The "Valkyrie" was sunk along with Fleetwood and his logbook. Too bad—I won't be receiving any extra reward.
#TEXT 1-20
The 'Valkyrie' was boarded, and I found the logbook. That bastard Fleetwood had rigged his ship with explosives, and I barely escaped. There are many interesting notes in this logbook. I'll tear out one of the pages before handing the papers over to Rodenburg. It's a wise move; only I will know the exact location of that island. But why is everyone so eager to find it?
Interesting. Fleetwood believes that Rodenburg is involved with the 'ghost ship.' It sounds plausible; the pirates of the 'Mirage' didn't attack the 'Meifeng' first. Still, Lucas ordered me to kill van Berg. But if I'm mistaken and Rodenburg is merely covering his tracks... well, the man's influence is impressive! Yet, why didn't Longway come to my aid? It was rough out there. Too many questions and unfamiliar names—for now.
#TEXT 1-21
I boarded the 'Valkyrie', but didn't find the logbook. There was no time to search—Fleetwood set his vessel ablaze, and I barely escaped.
#TEXT 1-22
The 'Meifeng' is here in the harbor, but there's still no sign of Longway himself. He didn't even sail to Dominica. That's odd...
#TEXT 1-23
I'm not sure why I did it, but I attacked the 'Meifeng' right in port. Now the Dutch despise me. Perhaps I've been drinking too much rum...
#TEXT 1-24
Lucas paid me for my work. In addition, I've been appointed to command the 'Meifeng' in place of the lost Longway. That's all well and good, but my ship was sunk during the battle with English privateers right in the harbor. I need to claim my compensation. I should also visit the governor tomorrow—Rodenburg mentioned that I am to be nominated for a state award.
#TEXT 1-25
An order from Matthias Beck, and a valuable navigational instrument from Lucas Rodenburg. It seems my career is progressing quite well...
#TEXT 1-26
I need to visit a young woman named Abigail Shneur and persuade her to marry Lucas Rodenburg. I've never played the matchmaker before, but let's give it a try...
#TEXT 1-27
How tiresome... It's always about money. Is it always this way? I need to speak with Abigail's father—perhaps he'll remember where the island is.
#TEXT 1-28
I met a Portuguese man named Joachim Merriman, who invited me into his home for a conversation. He knows about Solomon's cache and promised to pay me half a million pesos for a jade skull. It seems Solomon hid his treasures on an island, the location of which I learned from Fleetwood's and van Berg's logbooks. I should return to my cabin and use my navigation instruments to pinpoint the island.

*USE ACTION MENU INSIDE YOUR CABIN*
#TEXT 1-29
I've met a Portuguese man named Joachim Merriman. He invited me into his house for a conversation. He's aware of Solomon's cache and has promised to pay me half a million pesos for a jade skull. It appears that Solomon hid his treasures on an island, the latitude of which I learned from van Berg's logbook. But that's not enough; I won't sail around the world just to find this island. I need to speak with Lucas—after all, he's the one who wants to marry Abigail, not me.
#TEXT 1-30
This is the island I need. I should go ashore and find the grotto.
#TEXT 1-31
Solomon's coins and relic are mine. Now it's time to sail back to Willemstad. But who should receive the skull—Merriman or Solomon?
#TEXT 1-32
The money has been returned to Solomon. He is overjoyed and even gave me an amulet. Now I need to speak with Abigail.
#TEXT 1-33
Abigail has agreed. I should inform Lucas of the good news.
#TEXT 1-34
Lucas was pleased with my work. He paid me 50,000 pesos and gave me a valuable item.
#TEXT 1-35
I informed Rodenburg that the Shneurs are demanding money, and he devised a plan to fake the recovery of Solomon's treasures. He gave me 200,000 pesos, and I must deliver them to Solomon within seven to ten days.
#TEXT 1-36
I met a messenger at the port of Willemstad. I must visit Rodenburg—it's urgent.
#TEXT 1-37
Longway offered to join my crew, but I refused.
#TEXT 1-38
Longway has offered to join my crew, and I have accepted.
#TEXT 1-39
I've found the archive of John Murdock—or, to be precise, Johan van Merden. Unfortunately, it's unreadable—just a jumble of meaningless symbols. Clearly, a cipher is needed. But where might I find one?
#TEXT 1-40
I've deciphered the archive, and it was my mistake... Lucas is trouble. Well, to hell with him. He's a dangerous man with enough power to ruin me. I'll pretend I know nothing; besides, I don't want to break the heart of the beautiful Abigail. It's her choice, yet Fleetwood was an angel compared to Rodenburg.
I've begun acquiring houses. It appears my first property comes with a dungeon beneath it.
#TEXT 1-41
I have reported to Rodenburg about van Merden's elimination. Lucas is sailing back to Europe with Abigail. Well, good luck to them...
#TEXT 1-42
Rodenburg told me that John Murdock, the chemist, is plotting to get rid of me. That's strange—he never struck me as a scoundrel. Still, after all I've seen under Lucas's command, I can't afford to take chances. I'm setting course for Antigua, where I'll deal with the chemist myself.
#TEXT 1-43
It seems I’m to serve as the Company’s negotiation agent. Lucas Rodenburg has tasked me with delivering a package and some money to Geraldi’s branch bank in Santiago, Cuba. Oddly, he appeared anxious about this mission but wouldn’t share his concerns. I should make haste—I have only fifteen days. I must also remain vigilant.
#TEXT 1-44
Rodenburg's fears are coming true. I was ambushed right on the street near Geraldi's bank. Now I'm a prisoner inside... a house? What was that man talking about? Who the devil is he? No matter—he hasn't even bothered to chain me and has left the room. He'll regret that mistake. There must be some kind of weapon in here!
#TEXT 1-45
I managed to escape, and both my kidnapper and his accomplice are dead. My gear must be somewhere nearby—I should search for it. It's a shame I still don't know why I was kidnapped. To hell with it! I need to collect a letter from the banker and set sail back to Willemstad. Santiago makes me uneasy...
#TEXT 1-46
Mynheer Rodenburg's generosity is impressive. There are still no clues about the Santiago situation. Perhaps I will learn more in the future. Now I have seven days to prepare.
#TEXT 1-47
I was too late. Rodenburg's trust in me is ruined. Now I should expect bounty hunters...
#TEXT   1-48
As we approached Willemstad, I discovered that someone had ransacked one of my cabin chests. Yet, not a single item was missing—not even the valuables—though everything was left in complete disorder. This wasn't a robbery, then. Could it have been someone from Fleetwood's or van Merden's crew? Or perhaps just a common thief who didn't have time to finish the job? The crew saw nothing, but perhaps the culprit slipped away just in time.

#TEXT 2-1
Charlie Knippel has ordered me to capture a galleon laden with silver, belonging to the Dutch West India Company. I must seize the ship and her cargo, then deliver them to St. John's. The convoy is sailing from Willemstad to Philipsburg—I'd best keep a sharp eye on the sea.
#TEXT 2-2
I was unable to locate the convoy. The mission has failed.
#TEXT 2-3
Damn Knippel claims I've failed to uphold our bargain... To hell with him!
#TEXT 2-4
Charlie was pleased with my work. I should check in with him tomorrow to claim my reward. Also, Knippel mentioned that his commander is eager to meet me.
#TEXT 2-5
Now I am acquainted with the legendary Richard Fleetwood and have received my first assignment from him—I must find and eliminate the pirate who is impersonating the 'Flying Dutchman.' My plan is to act as bait by spreading word in Bridgetown that I am a wealthy and foolish merchant. The pirate's agent is operating somewhere in Bridgetown.
#TEXT 2-6
I've visited all the important places in town and spread the gossip. Now it's time to set sail and ready my ship. If the agent truly operates in Bridgetown, a confrontation is inevitable.
#TEXT 2-7
I visited the brothel and posed as a timber merchant.
#TEXT 2-8
I met with the governor, declined his invitation to dine, and informed him that my ship is loaded with cacao.
#TEXT 2-9
The harbor master has been informed that I am trading in paprika.
#TEXT 2-10
I played the part of a gullible merchant, eager to trade away every last cannon just to secure a bit more coffee for the journey.
#TEXT 2-11
Everyone at the local shop now knows that I am a wealthy shipowner, buying a wide variety of goods.
#TEXT 2-12
The innkeeper seemed quite amused by my plan to supply Barbados with slaves on a regular basis. But why? The plantations here are famous, and slaves are always in demand...
#TEXT 2-13
I spoke with the usurer about securing a large loan to purchase a shipment of valuable goods.
#TEXT 2-14
I have sunk the 'Mirage'. This is a failure.
#TEXT 2-15
Now I see! Only the barman knew about the slaves. Now I understand why he was so amused. It seems everyone else, including the governor, has nothing to do with it. There's no need to rush—I should report to Richard about the innkeeper first.
It was the perfect moment to kill van Berg! But who is backing him? I should ask Richard about the Asian. And why is Rodenburg so interested in a flute that sank at latitude 12 degrees 48'?
The "Mirage"—that's what this ship is called! Well, the name suits her... Now I must set sail for Antigua.
#TEXT 2-16
Richard told me about the island and its longitude. Now, only I know its true location. I should sail there at the earliest opportunity. I also need to visit Curacao and deliver Richard's bribe—Abigail Shneur.
#TEXT 2-17
Abigail isn't at home—only her mad father is there. He told me I might find her at the church.
#TEXT 2-18
Abigail has asked me to find her father's coins. It seems Solomon hid them on an island whose location I know. Van Berg and Fleetwood have been there before. I'll head to my cabin—there, I can use my navigation instruments to pinpoint the island.

*USE ACTION MENU INSIDE YOUR CABIN*
#TEXT 2-19
Jesus, I ought to visit the church and light a candle at the first chance I get... That was the most terrifying day of my life. As soon as I approached the chest, it exploded, and I barely escaped with my life. There was even a damned monster! Now I believe in the local magic. I should probably ask Richard for a pay raise. Yet another shock awaited me inside the chest—the head of Gaston, the Barbados barman. He knew the latitude, no doubt about it. Van Berg didn't keep that a secret. But as for the longitude, only Fleetwood knew it! What in blazes is going on? I must report all this to Richard and let him decide our next move. After all, it concerns him most of all.
#TEXT 2-20
I was too caught up in my own affairs and failed to reach Curacao in time.
#TEXT 2-21
Richard couldn't explain what's really going on. Odd. I need to sail to Barbados and find out if Gaston is truly dead. After that, I should head to Blanca Lagoon in Curacao—Charlie will be waiting there with coins for Abigail's father. I have 20 days to get it done.
#TEXT 2-22
Speaking with the dead was unsettling, but poor Hercule was right. I don't care whether London or Amsterdam wins this game. For now, Richard is my friend, and Lucas is my enemy. That's how things stand.
I should make haste to see Charlie in Curacao. After that, I need to find the chemist. I suppose there's no need to tell Fleetwood about Hercules's letter.
#TEXT 2-23
Damn hilarious! Best wishes from everyone, and I'm left to face Lucas alone. They've made me the lowest wretch in this mess. Fleetwood is a dog! Tonzag was right; I can't trust anyone. Here, I have no friends—only enemies.
It's time to get to know van Merden better and put an end to Rodenburg once and for all.
#TEXT 2-24
Damn! The archive is encrypted, and I won't be able to read it without the code. I suppose Rodenburg was referring to this dungeon. The code must be somewhere close by.
It turns out that Longway and the Portuguese passed through the island before me. It seems they killed Tonzag—perhaps out of fear. That would explain why van Merden already considered him a dead man. And to think, Tonzag trusted him...
It seems this map reveals the location of their cache. I should investigate it later—there might be more than just coins hidden there. However, there's a problem: where is this grotto, and what is the name of the island? I'm certain it's somewhere at "their place"; they mentioned it somewhere. I need to review the documents again...
#TEXT 2-25
Lucas Rodenburg, aboard the 'Meifeng', met me near Cayman. Naturally, he was waiting there for van Merden. Both of them are dead now. I should search the island for their cache. Jesus, no monsters this time, please...
#TEXT 2-26
The archive is decrypted. I was mistaken—Johan didn't betray Hercule; it was his own curiosity that doomed him. And then there's Joachim Merriman. It's just as well I never crossed paths with that wizard on Curacao. I have a feeling our courses will meet again someday.
#TEXT 2-27
Lucas is dead, so to hell with him! Richard and Abigail have likely already forgotten me—let them be damned as well! Yet here I am, alive, with coins in my chests and a house of my own. I even have my own dungeon. I'm beginning to enjoy this line of work.

#TEXT 3-1
Gaston has ordered me to find and eliminate Fernando Rodriguez, a Castilian hidalgo. I should search for him in the Spanish settlements.
#TEXT 3-2
The barman told me that Fernando Rodriguez was seen on the streets.
#TEXT 3-3
The barman told me that Fernando Rodriguez is sailing these local waters aboard his own brigantine.
#TEXT 3-4
I was too late. There's no need to go to Gaston now.
#TEXT 3-5
Rodriguez was no match for me with a blade. Mission accomplished.
#TEXT 3-6
Rodriguez was no match for me when it came to seamanship. Mission accomplished.
#TEXT 3-7
Rodriguez has escaped me. There's no chance of finding him again. The mission has failed. There's no need to report to Gaston now.
#TEXT 3-8
Damn! I forgot to cut off the bastard's finger, and Gaston didn't believe me. To hell with it!
#TEXT 3-9
Damn! I forgot to take the items from Fernando's corpse, and Gaston refused to do business with me. To hell with it!
#TEXT 3-10
I was well paid for eliminating the target. Not bad... Now I have another task. I must sail to Antigua, to St. John's, and sneak into Captain Fleetwood's house to steal his logbook. The place should be empty in ten days.
#TEXT 3-11
What a shame... I was too late. There's no need to see Gaston again.
#TEXT 3-12
That was a close call. I managed to sneak into the house and steal the logbook, but Fleetwood's marines caught me on the stairs, forcing me to fight my way out. Two more were waiting outside in the street; they put up a tough fight, and if not for a stranger who came to my aid, I'd be dead. I blacked out from my wounds and later woke up in St. John's drugstore. The owner, John Murdock, explained what had happened. Now I must leave the house at night through the dungeon beneath it—and meet the stranger.
#TEXT 3-13
It turns out I know this stranger—Gaston, or rather, Hercule Tonzag. I didn't recognize him during the fighting in the streets. I've told him I want to help them take down Captain Fleetwood. I should speak with Murdock; I have a feeling he can assist me.
#TEXT 3-14
John promised to gather some information about Richard Fleetwood. I should visit him in a week.
#TEXT 3-15
I was too late, and Richard Fleetwood is gone—he's sailing back to England with a military squadron. What a pity...
#TEXT 3-16
John told me that Fleetwood has sent his trusted agent, Charlie Knippel, to Curaçao to fetch a Jewish girl for him. Our Englishman is in love. Clearly, I can use this attachment against him. I need to intercept Charlie Knippel, who is sailing to Curaçao aboard the 'Zeekalf' under the Dutch flag.
#TEXT 3-17
I was too late, and there's no sign of Charlie or his brigantine. My plan is ruined.
#TEXT 3-18
Charlie Knippel went down with his ship. My plan is ruined.
#TEXT 3-19
Charlie Knippel proved too tough for me, and I was forced to retreat. My plan is ruined.
#TEXT 3-20
The 'Zeekalf' has been taken, and Charlie Knippel is captured and locked in the cargo hold. I've ordered his interrogation. I should head below decks to see if there are any results yet.
#TEXT 3-21
Charlie was carrying a letter for Abigail Shneur. She has never seen Charlie, so I can pretend to be him and take her hostage. It's risky, but worth the gamble. Setting course for Willemstad.
#TEXT 3-22
My plan worked! Abigail has agreed to sail with me to St. John's. I expect to see her tomorrow.
#TEXT 3-23
Abigail is aboard. Setting a course for Antigua.
#TEXT 3-24
John has prepared a room for Abigail. It's time to bring her there.
#TEXT 3-25
Now I'm about to blackmail Fleetwood and demand a private meeting with him. If he has any heart, he'll have to agree to my terms. I need a messenger. John recommended a drunkard named Jack Garrison—I can find him in the tavern.
#TEXT 3-26
I delivered the letter to Jack. Now I must follow him.
#TEXT 3-27
I've received my answer—Fleetwood agrees to my terms. The meeting will take place at Turks, Northern Bay. But first, I need to speak with Murdock; perhaps he'll have some advice for me.
#TEXT 3-28
I'm sailing to Turks. I need to hide my ship in the southern bay and set up an ambush. It's a good spot, with plenty of rocks for my men to take cover behind.
#TEXT 3-29
I was too slow, and my grand plan is completely ruined.
#TEXT 3-30
I was too caught up in my own affairs and missed Fleetwood in the bay. My grand plan is completely ruined.
#TEXT 3-31
Fleetwood was clever—he brought his redcoats instead of the money. It did him no good, though—the man is dead. I'm heading back to my ship. His brig must be nearby; perhaps I should claim her as a prize?
#TEXT 3-32
Fleetwood's brig, the "Valkyrie," was sailing near the island. I won the battle.
#TEXT 3-33
The ambush is set. Now I just need to wait for Fleetwood to arrive. He should be here soon.
#TEXT 3-34
John congratulated me and told me that Tonzag is waiting for me in the dungeon. In the meantime, I should speak with Abigail.
#TEXT 3-35
Tonzag has given me excellent light armor. He also mentioned that Murdock has a new mission for me.
#TEXT 3-36
John Murdock has asked me to join his struggle against Lucas Rodenburg, the vice-director of the Dutch West India Company. The plan is straightforward: I must capture a Company courier brigantine, pose as Fleetwood, and send a message to Rodenburg in hopes of provoking him into making a foolish move.
The brigantine is called 'Hoop.' I can find her somewhere between Antigua and Saint Christopher, sailing from Philipsburg to Willemstad.
#TEXT 3-37
I failed to find the brigantine. My plan is ruined.
#TEXT 3-38
I've sunk the ship. My plan is ruined.
#TEXT 3-39
The brigantine was captured and then released. Her captain carried a message for Rodenburg. I must make my way to Willemstad to see how they respond once my message is delivered.
#TEXT 3-40
I've arrived in Willemstad. There's an intriguing vessel here—a xebec called "Meifeng." Murdock once spoke of her; she's a fine ship indeed. I should ask around the tavern about the Meifeng, her crew, and her owner, Lucas Rodenburg.
#TEXT 3-41
I'm not sure what possessed me, but I attacked the 'Meifeng' right in port. Now my plan is in ruins, and my standing with Holland has suffered.
#TEXT 3-42
I've sunk Peter Stuyvesant's galleon. Now I won't be able to carry out my plans.
#TEXT 3-43
Stuyvesant's galleon was sunk during our voyage to Curaçao. Now I won't be able to carry out what I had planned.
#TEXT 3-44
I've learned much from the tavern folk. The local governor, Matthias Beck, has been thrown in chains by order of Lucas, who has claimed the position for himself. Quite a turn of events... It seems my message has stirred things up here. One crucial detail—the "Meifeng" is being loaded with munitions, and her crew has been replaced by reckless mercenaries and bandits. I must intercept the ship and question the Chinese captain.
#TEXT 3-45
The "Meifeng" has been captured, and Captain Longway is being held in the cargo hold. I should head below deck and question him for information.
#TEXT 3-46
I've sunk the 'Meifeng'. Now I won't be able to carry out my plan.
#TEXT 3-47
I've lost the 'Meifeng', and she's gone for good. Now I won't be able to carry out my plans.
#TEXT 3-48
The Chinese agreed to provide information in exchange for his freedom. I must put him ashore at Cape Inaccessible on Marie Galante.
#TEXT 3-49
This just keeps getting more interesting! Rodenburg ordered Longway to kill Peter Stuyvesant—this is definitely a coup. They hang men for such things. I must find Stuyvesant and warn him about everything. He'll deal with Lucas immediately. Peter's galleon will be patrolling near Saint-Christopher for a week.
#TEXT 3-50
I couldn't find the galleon. Now I won't be able to carry out my plan.
#TEXT 3-51
I was too slow sailing to Willemstad, and Peter's galleon has already departed without me. Now I won't be able to carry out my plans.
#TEXT 3-52
Stuyvesant's galleon is now part of my squadron. I'm setting course for Curacao!
#TEXT 3-53
Stuyvesant has arrested Rodenburg and thrown him in prison. My mission is complete, but I must visit the residence tomorrow—I was promised a reward...
#TEXT 3-54
Stuyvesant rewarded me with 100,000 for killing Fleetwood, and an extra 150,000 for exposing the coup. Matthias Beck presented me with an excellent navigation tool. My brother was right; I'm starting to love this life.
#TEXT 3-55
I’ve met a Portuguese man named Joachim Merriman. He promised to pay me half a million for a jade skull. Solomon, Abigail’s father, was the last known owner of the artifact. I should speak with Merriman after I return his daughter.
#TEXT 3-56
I informed John of my success and mentioned Jacob van Berg, which greatly worried the druggist. Now, I must bring Abigail back—she's waiting in the church.
#TEXT 3-57
I spoke with Abigail. Now I'm setting a course for Curacao.
#TEXT 3-58
Solomon only told me the name of the flute and her captain. I should speak with the harbormaster.
#TEXT 3-59
The captain I'm searching for has sailed to Trinidad.
#TEXT 3-60
Now I know the island's location: 12 degrees 48' North, 64 degrees 41' West. I should return to my cabin and make the necessary calculations there.

*USE ACTION MENU INSIDE YOUR CABIN*
#TEXT 3-61
I was attacked by van Berg's pirates before I even had a chance to take the coins and the skull from the cache. It seems he has finally tracked me down. Clearly, those four were only the vanguard. Time to prepare myself...
#TEXT 3-62
Van Berg's scouts have been dealt with. Now I must face Jacob himself—his ship is approaching...
#TEXT 3-63
Van Berg is finished, and his ship is gone. English traders will no longer suffer at the hands of the 'Flying Dutchman.' Now I can breathe easy. I should meet with John to claim my reward, and I ought to pay Joachim a visit as well. As for Abi and Solomon—should I return their gold? These are moral choices I must consider...
#TEXT 3-64
John Murdock has rewarded me with his drugstore! The only condition is that I must deal with the scientist upstairs. I'll need to speak with him later. The druggist also paid me 100,000 pesos and gave me an excellent musket. A fair reward for my efforts.
#TEXT 3-65
Eh, life is unpredictable! I've held Abigail hostage for weeks, killed her beloved, and thrown another suitor in jail. Now she's kissing me, and her mad father claims she fancies me and insists I should marry her. Sure, Abi is a wonderful girl, but I can't promise to love her until death do us part. Besides, marriage isn't in my plans just yet. To her, I'll always be Charlie Knippel—her guardian angel and the savior of her family. Poetry!
#TEXT 3-66
I have the island's coordinates. I should head to my cabin and use my navigation instruments to plot its exact location.
*USE ACTION MENU INSIDE YOUR CABIN*
#TEXT 3-67
I was too slow sailing to Antigua, and poor Abigail died of tropical fever. My brilliant plan is ruined...
#TEXT 3-68
I was too slow interrogating Charlie Knippel, and he died in my cargo hold. What a shame—my brilliant plan is ruined...
#TEXT 3-69
I didn't take Abigail with me as she requested, and the foolish girl ran off to St. John's on her own. Such a hysterical wench. My brilliant plan is ruined...
#TEXT 3-70
I was too slow interrogating Longway, and he died in my cargo hold. What a shame—my brilliant plan is ruined...
#TEXT 3-71
I was too slow sailing to Guadeloupe, and Longway died of tropical fever. What a shame—my brilliant plan is ruined...

#QUEST Sharlie
The Burden of The Gascon
#TEXT 1
The ways of the Lord are inscrutable!
Who could have imagined, just half a year ago, that my brother—a Maltese knight and the hero of Barcelona, Michel de Monper—would bring disgrace to our father's name? And now I, the so-called prodigal son, rake, and gigolo, must clean up this whole mess. My 'infallible' brother's mess.
And yet, here I am—sailing to the edge of the world, far from Paris and my Lulu. I had planned to paint her as Venus Rising from the Sea, but I must admit, the sea is nothing like I imagined. Perhaps I'll revisit the idea upon my return... I hope my journey ends before Christmas, and that the girl's husband meets his fate fighting the Spanish in Flanders. He is the reason the air in Paris has become so perilous for me.
I should inquire about my dear brother at the Order’s mission. I suppose the local governor, Jacques Dyel du Parquet, is aware of what goes on within his lands. However, I was warned not to be too direct and to proceed with caution. The straightforward approach isn’t always the wisest. Perhaps I should ask around...
It's a good thing I still have a few of Lulu's jewels and some silver coins. That should be enough to get by here for a while, and I can return as soon as I find out what that reckless Michel has done.
#TEXT 2
I was arrested the moment I tried to inquire about my brother. Jesús, I'll never forget the local rats and bugs. Still, things turned out in my favor—a pompous fellow visited me in prison and ordered his men to set me free. He introduced himself as the governor-general of the French colonies, Philippe de Poincy.
It turns out our brave Michel is in serious trouble! De Poincy suspects him of every crime imaginable. I won't waste any time; I should see my brother and let him speak for himself. What could he have done, if just his name is enough to land a man in a cell? I'm heading to the Maltese Order's underground base in Saint-Pierre.
#TEXT 3
One of the townsfolk suggested I speak with Abbot Benoit at the local church. My brother's name seems to make people uneasy. It appears he's in serious trouble...
#TEXT 4
The abbot barely recognized me as Michel's brother and Henri de Monper's son. It seems he knows my father... I need to rent a room at the local tavern and return to him the next morning—Monsieur Benoit promised to arrange a meeting with the man who can help me find my brother.
#TEXT 5
I spoke with my brother—can you believe it? I still can't make sense of it. Michel stands accused of stealing the Order's money, and now he owes a million pesos to Philippe de Poincy, the governor-general of the French colonies! Unbelievable! And it's up to me to gather the money!
It seems my journey will be a long one, and poor Lulu will have to find another lover. Well, with her habits, that won't take long. As for me, I'm about to face a "great" opportunity. Michel said I'll soon be both a sailor and the captain of my own ship. I can't say I'm looking forward to it, but I fear I have no choice—I must accept my fate. My brother mentioned a good ship—a lugger, he called it. I should visit the local shipbuilder and inquire about purchasing the vessel. But where am I going to find the money?
But first, I need to get some money for the purchase. Where can I find it? Hmm... my little brother suggested I check out some establishments and talk to people. I'll start by visiting the local shop—the merchant probably has some business that needs doing.
#TEXT 5-1
I spoke with my brother—imagine that! I still can't believe it. Michel stands accused of stealing the Order's money, and he owes a million pesos to Philippe de Poincy, the governor-general of the French colonies. Unbelievable! Now it's up to me to gather the money.
It seems my journey will be a long one, and poor Lulu will have to find another lover. Given her habits, that shouldn't take her long. As for me, I'm about to face a "great" opportunity. Michel said I'll be both a sailor and captain of my own ship. I can't say I'm looking forward to it, but I fear I have no choice but to embrace my fate. My brother mentioned a fine vessel—a lugger, he called it. I should visit the local shipbuilder and discuss purchasing the ship. As for the money needed to buy the vessel and equipment—Abbot Benoit of St. Pierre's chapel can lend me the funds.
#TEXT 5-2
Abbot Benoit has lent me 50,000 pesos and 100 gold doubloons for six months. Splendid!
#TEXT 5-3
My debt to Abbot Benoit is settled.
#TEXT 6
It's done—Michel's wish is fulfilled. I'm a captain! Ha, I wonder what Lulu would say if she saw me strutting about on this old tub. A captain... I still can't get used to it. Well, time to hire a crew. My brother said the bartender might be able to help with that.
#TEXT 6-1
The bartender suggested I look for crew among the patrons in his tavern.
#TEXT 7
Now I'm almost a true captain—I have my own crew! I'm damn proud... But now I need a proper navigator; without one, I can't even leave the island. I should ask the bartender again. He already helped me find my crew—perhaps he can help with my navigator problem as well.
#TEXT 8
Folke Deluc, the navigator, has been thrown in jail for his debts. It seems my only option is to try to get him out. I'll go speak with the commandant.
#TEXT 9
I've secured the debentures. Now I can go to the commandant and get my navigator out of the dungeon.
#TEXT 10
Folke Deluc has joined my crew. I should bring him aboard my ship and speak with him in my cabin—perhaps he'll share something important.
#TEXT 11
I met a curious lad near the town gates—Walter Catcher. He told me that Cesar Craig, the bartender at Le Francois, wants to use my cargo hold to deliver wine to Guadeloupe. The pay is 10,000 pesos. It would be foolish to turn down such an offer, especially given my current circumstances. I should visit Le Francois after I've outfitted my ship.
#TEXT 12
I need to purchase 100 cannonballs, chain shots, grape shots, bombs, and 200 portions of powder.
#TEXT 13
I should also buy weapons for at least 50 men.
#TEXT 14
Provisions are essential: I need 100 packs of supplies and 10 barrels of rum.
#TEXT 15
My ship is ready and fully equipped. Now I can set sail for Guadeloupe, but first I should stop at Le Francois to collect Cesar Craig's wine—10,000 pesos will suit me perfectly.
#TEXT 16
Damn! I was deceived—Cesar Craig never intended to offer me anything. It's clear now that someone was desperate to lure me to Le Francois. Something about this reeks... I need to reach my ship as quickly as possible and set sail from here.
#TEXT 17
It's all clear now—the pirates are upon us. It seems those scoundrels want my ship, so they've ambushed me far from the fort at Saint-Pierre. We're alone out here; I'll have to face them myself.
#TEXT 18
It was a hard-fought battle, but victory is mine. This will serve as a valuable lesson. Now I can breathe easy and set sail for Guadeloupe.
#TEXT 18-1
I spoke with Fadey. He didn't give me any coins, only a rare dagger. Not exactly a fair trade, but it's better than nothing. I'll return to Saint-Pierre to see my brother and await further instructions.
#TEXT 19
Well, it's time to become a true sailor. My dear brother has given me all the time in the world to learn—such generosity! Poor Lulu! She won't wait for my return... Yet, I must admit, she's the last thing on my mind right now. These 'adventures' my brother keeps mentioning are weighing on me. He's definitely hiding something. No matter—my time will come soon enough. It seems Michel thinks I'm a worthless fool, judging by his latest lecture and overprotective advice. To hell with him! We'll see—I’ll find a way to surpass him. We shall see!
It's time to pay Fadey another visit. Time is of the essence—I should hurry. Let the fat man sweat a bit and find me some work. He’s already cheated me once, so he owes me.
#TEXT 20
My dear brother has given me a new task: to seek out powerful individuals and earn their trust. I have a choice before me—I can work for the Dutch West India Company, seek out an English privateer in Antigua, or try to discover who's who in Bridgetown. Just wonderful... At least the final decision is mine.
(Minimum level: 9)
(Recommended level: 12-15)
#TEXT   20_1
I believe I am seasoned enough as a captain to set sail for Michelle. Yet am I truly prepared? Perhaps it would be unwise to rush.
#TEXT   20_2
My preparations are complete. It's time to set sail for Michel, or he'll never leave that cozy cell of his.
#TEXT 21
De Poincy is such a bastard! Michel had every reason to doubt his honesty. The money wasn't enough, and now I must do what my brother failed to do. Michel will give me the details, as always. My brother is in real trouble, and I have to pull him out of it. I'm getting used to this kind of business—I've been working for people and cleaning up their messes since I arrived here. The bright side is the coins... and I like it! Just like my brother does. My life in Paris means nothing to me now. Who would have thought that a few years ago? But enough of that. Time to see Michel again.
#TEXT 22
No clues from Michel, only more riddles. Eliminate Levasseur—the governor of Tortuga? Who do they think I am, the head of the French army? De Poincy just loves to have others pull his chestnuts out of the fire!
Sharks... Svenson... Pirates... It seems it's time to become acquainted with the leaders of the Brethren of the Coast.
Heading to La Vega to meet with the Codekeeper, Marcus Tyrex.
#TEXT 22_1
It's time to take care of Michel's and de Poincy's business. I'm setting course for Blueweld to meet Jan Svenson, the pirate baron.
#TEXT 23
At last, my brother is about to be freed! But, unsurprisingly, things aren't getting any easier: de Poincy says that Saint-Pierre is under Spanish attack. It would be a great shame if the Spanish were to kill my brother after all the effort I've put into securing his freedom. Well, fighting is no longer a problem for me—I'm setting sail for Martinique at once!
#TEXT 24
De Poincy appreciated my actions for the good of the Order—and for his own benefit. I have been promoted to the rank of captain in the French Navy. I also received a letter of marque, a fine uniform, and, most importantly, a splendid warship. No doubt, Michel could never have imagined this. Ah, if only my father could see me now!
At last, my brother is about to be freed! But, unsurprisingly, things aren't getting any easier—de Poincy reports that Saint Pierre is under Spanish attack. It would be a bitter shame if the Spanish were to kill my brother after all the effort I've spent to secure his release. Well, fighting is no longer a problem for me. I'm setting course for Martinique at once!
#TEXT 25
Well, isn't that something! Henri Thibaut is looking for me, offering a "well-paid" job. A sailor told me the task involves killing Robert Martene. It seems Martene is no longer needed now that Levasseur is dead... Perhaps Thibaut has another motive. No matter. I have only ten days to reach Tortuga.
#TEXT 26
Damn... Molly Jones wasn't a servant girl after all. Martene kidnapped Catherine Fox, the daughter of Colonel Fox, head of the Royal Marines! Robert panicked and decided to get rid of the girl. Thibaut wanted to hire me to take out Martene, but I refused—Catherine is already dead, and I've got troubles of my own. He'll have to deal with his former partner himself.
#TEXT 27
Damn... Molly Jones wasn't a servant girl. Martene kidnapped Catherine Fox, the daughter of Colonel Fox, head of the Royal Marines! Robert was scared out of his wits and decided to get rid of the girl.
Thibaut has offered me a quarter of a million for the head of his former associate—it's clear that Henri fears Colonel Fox. This is no longer my business, but Robert Martene has killed an innocent girl, and he must pay for his crime. He'll be sailing on a heavy galleon named Infanta from Caracas to Santo Domingo as part of a Spanish squadron.
#TEXT 28
I have located the Spanish squadron and boarded Martene's galleon. The bastard has been dealt with, and I can return to Thibaut to claim my reward.
#TEXT 29
I've found the Spanish squadron and destroyed Martene. That was a mistake—I completely forgot that Thibaut demanded Robert's finger as proof. Damn it, I won't get any coin for this...
#TEXT 30
I failed to complete Thibaut's mission. Too bad—the path of a captain is not always fortunate or straightforward...
#TEXT 31
Henri Thibaut has paid me what he promised. I hope this serves as a good lesson for him.
#TEXT 32
It's done. Killing Levasseur wasn't easy, but I managed it!
Now I can return to de Poincy. That old fox won't dare refuse to release my dear brother. Soon, I'll be heading back to Europe—Paris awaits me!
Paris? I feel no happiness or joy at the thought. Michel was right... The Caribbean has changed me; I am not the same man I once was. Perhaps my place is here now?
#TEXT 33
I've reached Saint-Pierre through the jungle and destroyed all the Spanish forces. Now it's time to drive the invaders out of the town. God help us!
#TEXT 34
The Spanish landing party has been eliminated. Now we must defend the Maltese underground base—it is still under attack.
#TEXT 35
All intruders have been dealt with. My brother is safe. I must free him from his chamber at once—the time has come!
#TEXT 36
Now we must retake the fort. I'll need superior firepower to stand against the Spanish squadron. Michel is rallying forces throughout the town and will be waiting for me outside the gates.
#TEXT 37
The fort is ours! All enemies have been eliminated. Now I must return to my ship and attack the Spanish squadron. Michel will provide fire support from the fort.
#TEXT 38
The Spanish squadron has been completely destroyed. Saint-Pierre is safe now. It was a hard-fought battle, but I prevailed! Now I should go ashore and find Michel in town.
#TEXT 39
Michel congratulated me, but there was something off about his tone. I also didn't care for the way he was looking at me... or perhaps it's just my imagination? No matter. I'll see him tomorrow at Abbot Benoit's place. It's time for him to lay his cards on the table...
#TEXT 40
Father Vincento is involved once again. His messenger delivered a letter, assuring me that the inquisitor poses no threat. Let's see what His Eminence has to say. I should read the letter at once.
#TEXT 41
Father Vincento has asked me to meet him on neutral ground, in the chapel at the Willemstad cemetery. No doubt he wishes to discuss Tayasal. He must be troubled by the return of Kukulcan. The final decision is mine: should I speak with His Eminence or not? I have the Mask, so I shouldn't have any reason to worry. Or do I?
#TEXT 42
I've decided to keep my distance from Vincento. His duplicity has shattered my trust. I don't believe Maldonado acted solely on his own initiative. There's no need to search for Tayasal—Gino was right. I have the mask, so there's nothing to worry about. I can destroy it at any time.
#TEXT 43
Although I've done everything required of me and found the Indian treasures—so money is no longer a concern—I've decided to remain here in the Americas. It is here that I've truly become a man. As for France... I can always return there someday!

#QUEST SharlieA
Missing Assistant
#TEXT 1
A shopkeeper in Saint-Pierre has asked me to find his missing employee, Gralam Lavoie. The reward is one thousand pesos. I should search for him outside the town, as I've been told Gralam is definitely not in Saint-Pierre.
He is likely to be found in the pirate settlement of Le Francois, in the eastern part of Martinique. Well, time to trek through the jungle. The merchant described the route as follows: exit through the city gates, take the left fork, continue along the road, then take a right turn, followed by a left passage between the rocks, and I'll arrive at Le Francois.
#TEXT 2
I have found Gralam Lavoie in Le François. It's clear he has no desire to return to his former employer. My task is complete; I can return and claim my payment.
#TEXT 3
The merchant has asked me to find a new assistant for him. There are no suitable candidates in Saint-Pierre, so I should search in Le François. If I find a suitable applicant, I'll be well paid.
According to the merchant, Cesare Craig—the owner of the local tavern in Le Francois—can help me find a worker.
#TEXT 4
I spoke with the candidates recommended by the innkeeper of Le Francois and chose the most suitable one. Now I must deliver him to the shop owner in Saint-Pierre. I've already invested my time and a thousand pesos, so he’d best pay me in full.
#TEXT 5
It's done. I should return in an hour to claim my reward.

#QUEST SharlieB
Rum Matters
#TEXT 1
It seems it's time to hone my skills as a smuggler. The lugger Ghost will drop anchor near Lamentin Bay this evening. I must find her, give the captain the password, and collect a few crates of expensive bottled rum. Then, I should sail to Le François. My reward is five thousand pesos. A barque will be waiting for me at the pier at 7 p.m.
#TEXT 2
I couldn't find the lugger near Lamentin Bay. The barman's mission has failed. I'll head back to town.
#TEXT 3
I've spent too much time ashore, and the barque has sailed without me. What a pity...
#TEXT 4
I've secured the rum. Now it's time to set sail for Le François.
#TEXT 5
The bartender paid me as agreed—five thousand pesos. As a small bonus, he gave me a spyglass, a map of Martinique, and three bottles of rum. He also suggested I visit the fort outside the city gates. Perhaps I'll look into it, but only during daylight hours. I could also pay a visit to the shipyard...
#TEXT 6
I gave the wrong password and was promptly thrown overboard. What a disgrace...
#TEXT 7
The barque is moored at the pier. I can set sail now.

#QUEST SharlieC
Delicate Business
#TEXT 1
I met a nobleman named @<sName>, who asked me for an unusual favor: to visit the local brothel and speak with its owner, Angelica. I am to request that one of her girls, Lucille, be allowed to work "outside the house" tonight. Lucille needs to be brought to the nobleman's two-story mansion with the red roof, located near the governor's residence and the store, after eleven o'clock. I'm heading to the brothel near the pier.
#TEXT 2
I struck a deal with Angelica. I'm to meet Lucille at eleven o'clock tonight, which suits my client's wishes. There's still time to see to other business. Aurora suggested I visit the tavern and speak with the bartender—a sensible idea. I'll take her advice.
#TEXT 3
The girl has been delivered to my client's residence. I suppose everyone is satisfied now: myself, the nobleman, and Lucille...
#TEXT 4
Instead of delivering Lucille to the client, I enjoyed her company myself. Not the most honorable choice, but after all the hardships I've faced lately, I reckon I've earned a bit of my usual respite.

#QUEST SharlieD
Spanish Engineer
#TEXT 1
The usurer has given me a dangerous task to settle Folke Deluc's debt. Tonight, I must reach Le Marin Cove on foot, traveling through the jungle—no sailing allowed. There, I am to rescue the Spanish prisoner from pirates who intend to sell him to the English. Once I've freed him, I must deliver him to my client.
#TEXT 2
I failed to follow my client's instructions and sailed into the bay aboard my own ship. There wasn't a pirate in sight—I've clearly scared them off and failed the task.
#TEXT 3
I was too slow, and the pirates have vanished. My mission has failed completely.
#TEXT 4
The Spanish prisoner was killed while I was fighting the pirates. What a shame...
#TEXT 5
There were too many pirates, so I chose to retreat rather than play the hero.
#TEXT 6
The pirates weren't unreasonable, so I managed to deal with them. The Spanish prisoner tried to get rid of me by grabbing one of their swords and attacking, but I managed to calm him down quickly enough. Oddly, he claims he doesn't know the usurer... Well, that's not my concern. I should take him to Saint-Pierre and avoid the town guards until I've delivered my prisoner.
#TEXT 7
The Spanish prisoner has been delivered to the usurer. It's done; I have Deluc's debt papers, so I can go and secure his release from jail.

#QUEST SharlieF
Adventure with Cannibals
#TEXT 1
The harbourmaster informed me that a man named Prosper Troubale is in urgent need of assistance. I should make haste to find him—he's said to be near the well, not far from the town gates.
#TEXT 2
I've wasted too much time, and Prosper has already left town. Clearly, he's gone into the jungle. What a shame—I’ve missed my chance to earn some coin.
#TEXT 3
I'm not sure if I'll earn any coin from this, but I couldn't refuse a man whose daughter is in mortal danger. I'll accompany Prosper Troubale into the jungle to deal with the band of Indians who have been kidnapping people from Saint-Pierre.
#TEXT 4
I completely forgot about our task, and Prosper has left me. He'll have to fight alone. Shame on me...
#TEXT 5
Prosper and I managed to kill the natives, who truly were cannibals. The girl and another victim are safe now. We're heading back to town.
#TEXT 6
The natives truly were cannibals, and I've dealt with them all. Sadly, Prosper was killed in the battle.
#TEXT 7
Everything turned out well. Celene and her father have returned to town, and I have received a generous reward.
#TEXT 8
I have brought Celene back to town. She rewarded me with a pouch of doubloons for her rescue. I accepted her gift, as she insisted.

#QUEST SharlieE
Stolen Jewel
#TEXT 1
I found the corpse of a pirate or bandit in the jungle. He was carrying a pair of fine earrings. I should ask around town about them—perhaps I'll find their original owner and earn a good coin.
#TEXT 2
It turns out the earrings belonged to the governor's wife. Jacques Dyel du Parquet was very pleased to have the jewel returned to his family. He even presented me with a map of the archipelago.
#TEXT 3
I sold the earrings to the local usurer for thirty-five gold doubloons. A fine deal...
#TEXT 4
I sold the earrings to the local merchant for four thousand pesos. A fine deal...

#QUEST Trial
The Caribbean In A Nutshell
#TEXT 1
Fadey agreed to help me with the job. Had to endure another sermon—when will people stop trying to teach me? I should visit the local shop tomorrow morning and speak with Gérard LeCroix.
#TEXT 2
I was too late for the meeting with my potential client. I've lost my chance. What a shame—now I'll have to find work on my own.
#TEXT 3
I met with LeCroix as instructed, but @<sText> and he refused my offer of service. A shame. I'll need to find work elsewhere.
#TEXT 4
I must deliver a shipment of bombs and gunpowder to the fort at Port-au-Prince on Hispaniola. My payment is five thousand pesos. However, according to LeCroix, this is only the first and easiest part of my mission. I will receive further instructions from the commandant of the fort.
#TEXT 5
I was too slow and failed to reach Port-au-Prince in time. What a fool I am. I earned no coin and have damaged my relations with France...
#TEXT 6
I refused the job—it reeks of trouble. I'd best find something else to do...
#TEXT 7
The commandant of Port-au-Prince has entrusted me with an important mission: I must deliver cannons to a French frigate patrolling near Portobello. I have only two weeks to complete the task. I must make haste!
#TEXT 7_1
The Caribbean in a nutshell, indeed. Thank you, Fadey—quite a job you've landed me. I truly need to turn a profit here, as it's been more losses than gains so far.
It seems I've been caught up in some unsavory disputes between Spain and France. My ship is damaged, crew members are dead, and time is running short to deliver the cannons.
I could try the Jamaica route, recruit men there, and repair the ship before heading to the shores of the Spanish Main. However, time is short, so I may need to sail straight to Porto Bello...
#TEXT 8
I was too slow and failed to reach Portobello in time. All terms are off now. My sluggishness ruined the military operation... I earned no coin and damaged my relations with France.
#TEXT 9
Florian Shoke is dead. Damn it, now I won't be able to prove I had nothing to do with this. My relations with France will be quite complicated from now on.
#TEXT 10
I've let Florian Shoke down. I failed to deliver enough cannons to him. My foolishness has ruined the entire military operation...
#TEXT 11
I delivered the cannons to Florian Shoke. He tried to involve me in some spy business, but I refused—far too dangerous for my liking.
#TEXT 12
I now have 75 doubloons and a new mission from Florian Shoke. I must sneak into Portobello and find out why the galleon Alcantara hasn't set sail. I should also discover what happened to Sylvan Laforet, also known as Jaime Silicio.
#TEXT 13
Damn it! I was too careless. The bloody innkeeper called the guards as soon as he heard the name Jaime Silicio. Now the whole town knows I'm here. I'll have to return to Florian Shoke empty-handed...
#TEXT 14
Well, well... It seems Shoke's agent was caught by the town guards. I must be careful—asking citizens about Alcantara is risky. I need someone local, inconspicuous, and poor...
#TEXT 15
The local beggar proved to be a wise choice. He believed every tale I told and agreed to gather information about the galleon at the shipyard. I should meet him near the shipyard at 11 p.m.
#TEXT 16
What a shame. I didn't have enough coins to pay the beggar, and he ran off. My presence here has become too dangerous. I must return to Florian Shoke empty-handed.
#TEXT 17
My personal "agent" did well! I know everything I need now. I can return to Florian Shoke and claim my gold coins—soon they'll be weighing down my pockets.
#TEXT 18
The time granted to me by Florian Shoke has run out, and the frigate has sailed away. There's nothing keeping me here now.
#TEXT 19
I've received another task: I must sink or board a barquentine named Puebla. She is sailing from Cartagena to Portobello, carrying munitions. Intercepting her will improve Shoke's chances of capturing the Alcantara.
#TEXT 20
I failed to destroy the Puebla. That's bad—truly unfortunate...
#TEXT 21
The task given to me by Florian Shoke is complete! Now I must sail to Guadeloupe to meet my old friend Gerard LeCroix, collect my payment, and see if he has another job for me.
#TEXT 22
I'm heading to the Guadeloupe lighthouse to collect my reward.

#QUEST Saga
The Pirate Saga
#TEXT 1
Let's sum up. My meeting with Svenson is postponed until I either find the missing Rumba or uncover what truly happened to her. What do I know about this beauty? She vanished along with her schooner, Rainbow, which was carrying a cargo of redwood. Her crew is skilled, so the likelihood of a Spanish or pirate attack seems low—though I can't rule them out entirely. The 'amorous' theory is the most intriguing, given her popularity among men. There are two main suspects, her most recent admirers: one is the pirate Jimmy Higgins of Maroon Town, and the other is an English captain commanding a corvette. Since the ship is likely military, I won't get any information in Blueweld. My only option is to visit Higgins first in Maroon Town, Jamaica. This will also give me a chance to get better acquainted with another pirate baron.
Gladys spoke in such a strange tone when she mentioned Helen's mother. Did she mean herself, or not?
#TEXT 2
It seems I've failed at everything. I had a real chance to become friends with Svenson—such opportunities are rare, and now I've lost it. I don't see any other way to get help from the pirates.
Nothing to do here. I need to assemble a squadron and prepare to storm Tortuga, following all the rules of military strategy.
#TEXT 3
Damn it! I just can't shake off my Parisian ways. I've killed the poor drunkard and lost my only lead. Where am I to search for the corvette and her captain now? I'm not even certain he has anything to do with Helen's disappearance. I fear I don't have much time left to find her.
But first, I should visit Jackman. I'm curious to find out whom he's searching for.
#TEXT 4
Things are becoming clearer now. Well done, Jimmy! I had to kill that sly dog before he let something slip. Still, I can't help but feel sorry for the poor fool.
So. The captain of the Arbutus corvette is Arthur Donovan. He’s cruising near Antigua, likely on patrol. He’s my first suspect—he had every reason to kidnap Rumba. She insulted and mocked him. A 'real gentleman' might not forgive such behavior from a peasant girl, even a beautiful one. He could have known her course, and a corvette could easily catch and sink a schooner loaded with redwood. I must make haste to Antigua. If I’m right about him, this bastard is capable of anything.
But first, I should visit Jackman. I'm curious about who he's looking for, and why.
#TEXT 4_1
Things are starting to make sense now. Well done, Jimmy!
So, the captain of the Arbutus corvette is Arthur Donovan. He’s cruising near Antigua, likely on patrol, and he’s my first suspect. He had every reason to kidnap Rumba—she insulted and mocked him. A 'real gentleman' might not forgive such disrespect from a peasant girl, even a beautiful one. He could have known her course, and a corvette can easily catch and sink a schooner loaded with redwood. I should make haste to Antigua. If I’m right about him, this bastard is capable of anything.
But first, I should visit Jackman. I'm curious about whom he's searching for, and why.
#TEXT 5
Things are becoming clearer now. Well done, Jimmy! Perhaps I made a mistake by sparing his life, but by God, he deserved it.
So. The captain of the Arbutus corvette is named Arthur Donovan. He’s cruising near Antigua, likely on patrol, and he’s my first suspect. He had every reason to kidnap Rumba—she insulted and mocked him. A 'real gentleman' might not forgive such insolence from a peasant girl, even a beautiful one. He could have known her route, and a corvette could easily catch and sink a schooner loaded with redwood. I must make haste to Antigua. If I’m right about him, this bastard is capable of anything.
But first, I should visit Jackman. I'm curious about who he's searching for, and why.
#TEXT 6
Now there's a new player in the game alongside Gladys and Helen: Henry the Hangman, former boatswain of the Neptune, Captain Butcher's ship. These are serious people, involved in serious business. So many years have passed, yet someone still cares.
It appears that Helen is the adopted daughter of Gladys. Nearly twenty years ago, Gladys's surname was Chandler. This is a delicate matter, so I must proceed with caution.
@<sText>
#TEXT 7
The Arbutus corvette is cruising near Antigua. I don't know why, but I'm certain Rumba is aboard. To arms!
#TEXT 8
Donovan proved too tough for me, and I was forced to retreat. It's a shame—I won't be able to find Rumba now...
#TEXT 9
I've sunk the Arbutus, along with her captain, crew, and poor Rumba. That was truly unfortunate...
#TEXT 10
I've boarded Donovan's corvette. As I suspected, Helen was being held prisoner there. That scoundrel had thrown her into the cargo hold with the rats, so my arrival was just in time. Now I should return to my cabin and speak with the lass.
#TEXT 11
I was right. Donovan ambushed the Rainbow. Helen didn't stand a chance. The schooner was boarded, the crew slaughtered, the mahogany taken, and the vessel sunk. No witnesses were left.
Smart. Donovan is no longer under suspicion, and no one would have remembered him if not for Señor Higgins, who stirred up a scandal. If not for Higgins, Rumba would be feeding the crabs by now.
#TEXT 12
I was too slow sailing to Blueweld, and poor Rumba died of tropical fever. That was foolish of me...
#TEXT 13
Well, it's done. The girl performed admirably. I hope this will be remembered in the next world. Now I have a good reason to visit Svenson. I hope he's better than Jackman.
#TEXT 14
I met with Jan Svenson. He was quite pleased to hear about Rumba and is willing to work with me. We discussed Levasseur, and I believe I have a real chance of gaining his support in this matter.
I told Jan that Jackman is looking for some men. Riddles and mysteries abound. Let's suppose Henry the Hangman is still alive—he believes in God and angels, so now he goes by Enrique. Perhaps he’s taken Gonzales’ mother's surname. Maybe he's hiding in Cartagena. The boarding saber called "Hanged Man" is a notable item, but I doubt Enrique Gonzales would carry it openly. Too many guesses, too few facts.
At last, Svenson is considering Levasseur's assassination. I have no ideas of my own on the matter. In the meantime, I should visit the McArthurs—whatever their real name may be. I also need to find Henry the Hangman in Cartagena.
#TEXT 15
Now I see! He is neither Enrique nor Gonzales. I should check with old Alvarez. I'd wager my hand that he is our Henry the Hangman.
#TEXT 151
Live and learn! He's not Enrique at all, much less Gonzales. I need to pay old Alvarez a visit, and quickly. I'd wager my hand this is our Henry Noose.
The priest in Cartagena recognized me and delivered a brief sermon about what a scoundrel I once was. He also wished that I might atone for at least some of my sins before facing God's judgment... Well, this city certainly remembers me.
#TEXT 16
I was a fool! I frightened a peaceful Spanish citizen out of his wits. My mistake...
#TEXT 17
That wasn't the Enrique I was looking for. My mistake...
#TEXT 171
That wasn’t the real Enrique—imagine that! A little mix-up that cost me fifteen thousand pesos. What a scoundrel! As if his business truly suffered such losses from our little raid. The rascal simply recognized me and saw an opportunity for blackmail. Well, he’ll pay for it, in this world or the next...
#TEXT 172
That wasn't the right Enrique—imagine that! A simple mix-up, and it cost the lives of a Spanish officer, two soldiers, and that scoundrel. Let this be a warning to anyone who dares to blackmail me!
#TEXT 18
Why so brutal? Where is that old boatswain?
#TEXT 19
Why so brutal? Where is the old boatswain? Should I visit the local lighthouse? That Alvarez seems quite promising...
#TEXT 191
It turned out to be the wrong Enrique. Worse still, this scoundrel recognized me as Charlie Prince. I had to pay him a hefty sum to keep his mouth shut.
Now, where should I look for the old bosun? Perhaps I should visit the local lighthouse. The caretaker there, Alvarez, seems quite intriguing...
#TEXT 192
It turned out to be the wrong Enrique. Worse still, this scoundrel recognized me as Charlie Prince and called the guards. I had to retreat from the city for a while until things settle down.
Now, where should I look for the old bosun? Perhaps I should visit the local lighthouse. The caretaker there, Alvarez, seems rather intriguing...
#TEXT 193
It turned out to be the wrong Enrique. Worse yet, this scoundrel recognized me as Charlie Prince. Still, he was clearly a pirate—and may very well remain one—which means he knows his way around a blade. I offered him a position as a boarder, and he accepted.
Where should I look for the old bosun? Perhaps I should visit the local lighthouse. The caretaker there, Alvarez, seems rather intriguing...
#TEXT 20
Poor Hangman! The old pirate's heart couldn't bear it. Still, Jackman won't get his hands on him, either. May God watch over his soul.
So, here is everything I've gathered:
Helen McArthur is the daughter of the pirate known as the Butcher, captain of the Neptune, who was hanged twenty years ago. Jacob Jackman served as his first mate.
The former executioner of St. John's holds knowledge that may be of interest to me.
Gladys is Helen's foster mother, though the girl may not know it.
Henry was the boatswain of the Neptune, and he was supposed to deliver gold to Gladys for the child.
He had to show Gladys the captain's ring as proof of parole. I wonder if she'll recognize it after all these years.
But first, I should speak with Svenson. I have something to show him.
#TEXT 21
I've told Jan Svenson everything—about Henry the Hangman and his final words. But I should speak with Gladys; she might help me unravel this story further. I need to be honest with her. I suppose the captain's ring will aid me in that.
#TEXT 22
I spoke with Gladys. Mrs. McArthur didn't deny what Henry said. I also obtained a piece of an old map that belonged to Helen's mother—her "heritage." Gladys claims it's just an odd joke, but something tells me she's mistaken. I suppose I should pay Jan Svenson another visit...
#TEXT 23
Things are getting more and more interesting. Helen McArthur is the rightful heir to the entire island! However, to prove her claim, we need to find another piece of the map that once belonged to Blaze Sharp, Helen's grandfather's foster son. Interestingly, Blaze was recently murdered—no doubt Jackman's thugs were involved.
Svenson told me that Helen is eager to serve under my flag as an officer... Well, I suppose she'll be much safer with me, knowing what Jackman is capable of. I should pay a visit to the McArthurs.
#TEXT 24
Helen is my officer now. I never thought I would command such a remarkable woman.
Now I must wait for Svenson, who is preparing his overall plan... (@<sTimer> Sharptown will be handed over to the British)
#TEXT 25
It's in the bag! A new head of the Brethren of the Coast will soon be chosen, and it will be a unanimous decision. Now it's Svenson's turn. Time to bring him the good news.
#TEXT 26
The end of this long tale. Jan gave me a fine amulet and five shards of the Maya calendar—souvenirs, perhaps. I should meet the new head of the Brethren on Isla Tesoro; he will provide details about Levasseur's assassination.
#TEXT 26_1
The end of this long tale. Jan gave me a fine amulet and five shards of the Maya calendar—souvenirs, perhaps...

#QUEST LSC
The Justice Island
#TEXT parol
Current @<sText> password is '@<sParol>'.
#TEXT 1

#TEXT 2
Justice Island is divided into spheres of influence. San Augustin and Tartarus are controlled by Shark Dodson and his pirates, while the Rivados clan holds Protector, Fury, and Velasco. The Narwhals command Esmeralda, San Gabriel, Phoenix, and Ceres Smithy. The remaining ships are considered neutral territory.

A crucial note: the only Narwhal ship open to all is the store on Esmeralda; all other Narwhal ships are off-limits. Rivados ships are likewise restricted to their own members. If I wish to board any forbidden ship, I'll need to know the weekly password for each clan.
#TEXT 3
Giuseppe Fazio is the man who sells passwords. He lives on Caroline and acts as a mediator between the local clans—a true diplomat.
#TEXT 4
Chimiset, the Rivados wizard, told me where to find the statue I seek: aboard the sunken ship San Geronimo. I must find a way to dive there if I am to leave this place.
#TEXT 5
I've received sailing directions and details. It turns out that only small ships—no larger than fourth rank—can reach the heart of the island.
It's time to think about leaving this place...
#TEXT 6
It's a good thing I found the White Boy, Ole Christiansen! Snake Eye was right—this warm-hearted lad has been a great help to me. Now I know that:
Nathaniel Hawk is truly here. White Boy rescued him from the cargo hold in San Augustine and brought him to Fernanda—that's his safe haven. This ship keeps its distance from the others, which is why no one has seen Nathaniel around. His health is poor, and he drinks heavily. Of course he does! I remember how I felt after teleportation—Nathaniel didn't have the Comanche potion. If I want to see Hawk, I should go to Fernanda and knock on the door. Nathaniel will answer.
A man named Henrik may be able to help me reach the statue at the bottom. He lives in San Gabriel's workshop. Ole claims that Henrik can walk on the sea floor and has even taught narwhals to do the same. It sounds ridiculous, but after what I've witnessed these past few days, I can't dismiss it. Regardless, Henrik is my only hope of reaching the Kukulcan idol and leaving the island safely. I should seek him out at once.
#TEXT 7
Problem solved: Henrik has acquired a special diving suit that will allow me to spend some time on the seabed. Now I have a real chance to find the Kukulcan statue. But, as always, there are complications. The suit is damaged, and the Mechanic needs a rare metal called 'platina'—the little silver—to repair it. Naturally, I agreed to help. Vedecker gave me a sample of the metal. I must find ten pieces—no fewer. Ten pieces of 'little silver,' and then I'll be able to search for the statue.
#TEXT 8
The "little silver" has been given to Vedecker, and he is ready to repair the suit. I should return to him in five days, as this repair will be a difficult one.
#TEXT 9
Just as I expected: now I need to find more ingots to repair the suit. I must locate @<sQty> more somewhere, and then the work will be finished.
#TEXT 10
At last, some light at the end of the tunnel! The suit will be ready @<sText1>. I should meet the Mechanic at 10 a.m. Once I find the statue, I can leave the island right away. @<sText2>
#TEXT 11
I'm ready to dive, but I've overlooked something—the statue only activates at midnight. There's no way to dive at night, nor would it make sense. I won't be able to use a torch down there, and without any light, I won't see a thing. The crabs, though, will have no trouble spotting me. Damn it! Still, I have to dive. At the very least, I need to find the idol and memorize its location, so I can reach it in the darkness later if I must.
#TEXT 12
I was incredibly lucky—not only did I find the statue, but it's already activated. It's golden, with a bright, ghostly star shining above it. I can use it right away, or I can note the current time and make better preparations before my upcoming teleportation. @<sText>
#TEXT 13
I have found Kukulcan among the ship's wreckage. It was inactive, as I expected. Now I must determine when it will activate and leave the Island of Justice. @<sText>
#TEXT 14
I need to find Antonio Betancourt—he can tell me about the statue. He lives aboard the flute "Pluto."
#TEXT 15
Back to the Island

First, I must take Danielle to her husband and, of course, pay a visit to the 'admiral'. I should also return the suit to Henrik Vedecker.
#TEXT 16
Antonio told me that the Kukulcan statue becomes active in the morning, not at night. I still don't know the exact time, but at least I won't have to dive after dark. Morning... that shouldn't be too difficult, should it?
#TEXT 17
Jurgen Schmidt, the Narwal's blacksmith, can forge a special blade for me. Only one, and it's a costly piece—one thousand doubloons.
#TEXT 18
I've commissioned a blade; it will be ready in twenty days.
#TEXT 19
I convinced Jurgen Schmidt to forge a unique broadsword, the 'Narwal', for Mary—exclusively for her. Now, I need to find some 'bottom iron' for the blade. Dodson and Jurgen told me it can only be found at the bottom of the sea.
#TEXT 20
It seems I've found what Jurgen was looking for. This five-pound ingot should be enough to forge the broadsword. I can return to Schmidt now.
#TEXT 21
Jurgen will forge the broadsword. I should meet him with Mary in two days' time.
#TEXT 22
Mary, Mary—she's truly one of a kind! She spotted Rumba aboard my ship and, naturally, grew jealous. I invited her to leave the island with me, but she refused. She said she’d only join me once Helen is no longer part of my crew. It seems I must resolve this business with Sharp, prove Helen’s innocence, and only then return for Mary. In any case, I can’t dismiss Helen any sooner.
#TEXT 23
Damn it, that was a mess! Mary grew jealous of Helen and wanted to join my crew as an officer. I tried to explain that I couldn't risk her life, but she wouldn't listen. She broke down in tears, sent me away, and refused to sail with me. Utter madness—blind jealousy, as they say...
#TEXT 24
Mary, Mary—she truly is one of a kind! She saw Rumba aboard my ship and, naturally, grew jealous. Fortunately, I managed to explain that Helen is merely my partner, nothing more. Mary expressed a strong desire to join my crew, and I gladly accepted. She is the ideal woman: beautiful, clever, brave... and she loves me. To be honest, I love her too...
#TEXT 25
Dexter now has enough supplies to last him for the next six months; he won't need any more for a while.
#TEXT 26
Henrik Vedecker was pleased that I returned his suit. He rewarded me with an excellent toolkit. However, if I wish to use the suit again, I'll need to pay a bail of 500,000 pesos. I can't blame him for that—no offense taken.

#QUEST LSC_Drink
Bottoms Up!
#TEXT 1
Leonard Musket, the local drunkard, has proposed an interesting scheme—to inspect Giuseppe Fazio's treasure chest. He shared his cunning plan: I am to outdrink Fazio until he passes out. Well, let's give it a try...
#TEXT 2
Fazio has challenged me to the "drink it off" game himself. The mug contest between Giuseppe and me begins tonight at nine o'clock in the local tavern. I must arrive on time, or I'll lose my doubloons. I doubt I can outdrink the fat man...
#TEXT 3
Fazio was a real challenge. I barely managed to outdrink him. Leonard has the key, so we should head to the 'Caroline'. I'm confident our plan will succeed—Giuseppe is off duty until morning.
#TEXT 4
Fazio had every reason to boast—the man is a bottomless barrel. I couldn't outdrink him and passed out right at the table. My doubloons are gone, and Leonard's plan is ruined. What a shame...
#TEXT 5
Getting aboard the 'Caroline' was easy. The key fit, and I opened the chest. Leonard and I divided the money between us.
#TEXT 6
Getting aboard the 'Caroline' was easy enough. The key worked, and I managed to open the chest, but I couldn't take anything from it. It's a shame our plan failed.
#TEXT 7
I was too slow getting to Fazio's place, and Leonard lost all hope of waiting for me. To hell with him—at least my conscience is clear...

#QUEST LSC_Ring
Mystery of the Santa Lucia
#TEXT 1
Richard Shambon, the ex-smuggler, has offered me a voyage to the outer ring. He claims to have found an 'untouched' pinnace that may hold some treasure. The catch is, the place is crawling with giant crabs, and Shambon is no fighter. I'll handle the crabs, and we'll split any loot we find between us.
We'll set sail tomorrow at eight in the morning. I should head to the "squint deck" behind the San Augustin. That will be the starting point for our voyage to the outer ring.
#TEXT 2
I was too slow, and Richard has left without me. Alas, our voyage is canceled...
#TEXT 3
Here we go! I'm swimming to the outer ring. Richard will show me the pinnace, and I'll have to deal with the crabs on my own—he won't be able to help me with that. I just hope there aren't too many of them...
#TEXT 4
The fight wasn't easy, but all the crabs have been dealt with. Now we can inspect the cargo hold.
#TEXT 5
There were more crabs on the upper deck. I had to clear it out as well. But the results are quite disappointing so far: there's no sign of treasure here, and nobody needs copra.
#TEXT 6
Shambon is clever—he found a hidden cache inside the captain's cabin. Twenty thousand pesos, two chests filled with gold and jewels, and twenty-five emeralds for each of us. Not bad, though Richard expected more. Still, I consider our expedition a success.
#TEXT 7
What an adventure this has turned out to be! Shambon is clever—he uncovered a hidden cache in the captain's cabin: 20,000 pesos, two chests overflowing with gold and jewels, and 25 emeralds each. But that's only the beginning... According to the captain's journal, there's even more gold hidden in the pinnace's cargo hold—a whole chest of it. Time to track it down.
#TEXT 8
We have found the gold of 'Santa Lucia'—a chest brimming with treasure, quite literally. Now I face a pleasant, yet tricky task: to take and hide my share before anyone else discovers it.
These golden nuggets are making me feel strange... I still recall passages from the captain's journal that revealed the tragedy of this ship. A hazy vision of the captain and his lover, the Indian girl Vavaya...

#QUEST SharkHunt
The Shark Hunt
#TEXT 1
Of course, just what I needed—more desperate religious fanatics. But there's nothing I can do; I still need Zachary.
#TEXT 2
After speaking with Zachary, I've realized two things: first, I have no idea where to look for the Shark; second, the Pastor will only vote for Dodson if we find him an English copy of the theosophical book "Hammer for the Witches." There's a rumor that the Shark is hiding on an "Island of Justice" northwest of Havana, but that's doubtful—we don't even know if the island exists. Still, there's no point in searching for the book until we find the Shark. I should speak with Svenson; he must help me unravel this riddle.
#TEXT 3
Surprisingly, Svenson agreed with Zachary's theory that Shark might be hiding on an island in the northwest Caribbean. He and the pastor have seen barques belonging to smugglers or buccaneers sailing those waters before. Svenson doesn't believe in the so-called 'Island of Justice' (thank God!), but he suspects there may be a hidden smuggler's haven out there.
I can learn more from Jose Dios, the Spanish cartographer. He can be found in Santo Domingo.
#TEXT 4
My last hope was in vain. Dios had nothing certain to tell me—only theories and guesses. He did give me Captain Alvarado's notes, but there are no coordinates or clues about where to search for the mysterious island. Still, why do I keep thinking Shark must be there? I'm at a dead end again. Time to see Svenson.
#TEXT 5
Here it is—the Island of Justice, or more accurately, the Island of Abandoned Ships. I've accomplished much here already: befriended the Rivados clan, rescued one of their own, found Steven Dodson, killed Chad Kapper—Shark's former boatswain—and uncovered a plot against Dodson's life. Now I must find Dodson himself and warn him before trouble strikes. That black Rivados told me Shark can be found on the ship 'San Augustin.' I should make haste and steer clear of the other ships—this place is dangerous.
#TEXT 10
I've finally found Dodson. We had a long conversation, and Steven has agreed to become the head of the Brethren—but first, we need to get off this island. There are no ships available. Shark refused to use the Kukulcan statue, and besides, there's no sign of it here. So, I must solve this problem: find the idol, leave the island, and return here by ship. But before that, I need to track down the plotters who are planning an attempt on Dodson's life. He'll give me sailing directions once I've dealt with this mess.
I suppose I should begin by visiting the Rivados headquarters and speaking with Chimiset once more.
#TEXT 11
Chimiset mentioned they might try to shoot Shark while he's taking his usual stroll along the rear gallery of the San Augustine. The shot could be fired from the deck of the Furie or from the bowsprit of the Santa Florentine. To make such a shot, a long-range, accurate musket would be required. Chimiset has never seen a weapon like that on the island, but that doesn't mean it can't be found here. I should ask the locals—perhaps someone has heard of such a musket. It could be a clue to the would-be killer.
#TEXT 12
A merchant told me there's a long-range, accurate musket on the island, owned by a certain Adolf Barbier. Interesting—apparently, Red Mary and Cyclops Marcello are also after this musket. Barbier is often seen at the tavern. I should speak with the man...
#TEXT 13
I didn't find Adolf in the tavern, but I learned the name of the last man who saw Barbier—Giuseppe Fazio. He lives on the "Caroline." Time to pay him a visit.
Sancho shared some interesting information: both have reasons to hate Shark. Red Mary believes he killed her lover, Alan Milrow, while Marcello despises all pirates. Cyclops was once a royal huntsman, so he must be an excellent marksman. One of them is the sniper I'm looking for. Now, I need to find Barbier and his rifle...
#TEXT 14
Things are becoming clearer now. Adolf Barbier suddenly came into wealth, reclaimed his rifle, and bought a new cabin on the 'Santa Florentine.' Chimiset was right—it's an excellent spot for a marksman. This means my suspicions about Red Mary and Cyclops were misplaced. Well, it's time to track down Adolf and get the truth out of him.
#TEXT 15
Adolfo wasn't so kind after all. When I accused him of plotting against the admiral, he called me a 'psycho' and attacked me. I was forced to put him down. Now I should search his corpse and his cabin—perhaps I'll find something of interest. The rifle must be here somewhere as well.
#TEXT 16
I found a key and an intriguing note on Adolf's corpse. He wasn't acting alone—things have grown complicated once again. It's possible Adolf wasn't the killer after all. But if not him, then who? The only way to find out is to hide the body, stay here, and wait for our mysterious visitors to come for Adolf at midnight, seeking his key.
#TEXT 17
Red Mary and Marcello Cyclops were both Barbier's partners in crime. I never got the chance to speak with Mary; she recognized me immediately and attacked. I had no choice but to kill them. I feel sorry for the girl—she was deceived by Chad and died because of his schemes. He simply took advantage of her temper and her feelings.
Time to examine the corpse again—perhaps I'll find more evidence.
#TEXT 18
I found a letter from Chad Kapper on Mary's body. Everything is clear now. I can go to Shark and report my success. The plot has been uncovered and the attempt thwarted.
#TEXT 19
I've finally found Dodson. We had a long conversation, and Steven has agreed to become the head of the Brethren—but first, we need to get off this island. There are no ships available here. Shark refused to use the Kukulcan statue, and besides, there's no sign of it anywhere. So, I must solve this problem: find the idol, leave the island, and return here with a ship. In the meantime, I should go to the prison on the 'Tartarus' and speak with a black wizard named Chimiset; he may be able to help me with my predicament.
#TEXT 20
Chimiset told me that Shark is in danger—his own crew is plotting to kill him. He also warned me not to trust Chad Kapper. I should find Dodson and tell him everything.
#TEXT 21
I told Shark what I learned from Chimiset. Naturally, he didn't like the news, but he didn't seem too upset either. Very well, I should explore the island and get to know its inhabitants. Perhaps I'll discover something about the idol of Kukulcan.
#TEXT 22
Steve Dodson has asked for my help—Giuseppe Fazio, the local mediator, has arranged a meeting for him at midnight in his cabin aboard the 'Caroline'. Shark suspects something is amiss, and he's probably right, given recent events. Steve and I will meet at midnight on the upper deck of the 'San Augustine'.
#TEXT 23
As I feared, it was a trap. As soon as Steven and I entered the cabin, we were attacked by Chad Kapper and a woman in a red coat, along with several Narwal soldiers. Steven was killed in the uneven fight. Damn it, this is bad! Now, who will lead the Brethren? Jan mentioned we might try to use Tyrex... We have no choice now—Tyrex it is. I should speak with Layton Dexter tomorrow morning; no doubt he will be elected admiral.
#TEXT 24
As I feared, it was a trap. As soon as Steven and I entered the cabin, we were ambushed by Chad Kapper, a girl in a red coat, and several Narwal soldiers. We barely survived, but managed to kill all of our attackers.
Chad's treachery and Narwal's cruelty have enraged Steven. I fear the Narwhals are in trouble now—Shark controls most of the provisions. Still, I suspect this plot is more complicated than it appears. I should search Fazio's cabin; I might find some clues to fill in the gaps.
#TEXT 25
Conversations with shamans and spirits have their own advantages—it seems I've developed a sixth sense. I discovered an intriguing letter inside Fazio's chest. Apparently, he managed to write and hide it after being forced to pen an invitation to Steven, which led us into a trap. It turns out the whole scheme was orchestrated by Chad, Mary, and a few Narwhals. Hm. I should speak with Donald Greenspen, the head of the Narwhals. We need to talk. His residence is on the 'Esmeralda'.
#TEXT 26
Donald assures me that his clan had nothing to do with the attempt on Dodson's life. Chad and Mary acted on their own initiative. The Narwhals from the "Caroline" were under Mary's command. Donald is prepared to offer his apologies to Shark, especially now that the Narwhals have learned he didn't kill their leader, Alan Milrow. I should speak with Steven and persuade him not to worsen the already strained relations with the Narwhals.
#TEXT 27
It's done. The conflict is settled, and Steven is even willing to make peace with the clan. Now I should go to Donald Greenspen and inform him of Dodson's decision.
#TEXT 28
Shark is dead, but life goes on. Layton Dexter is the new admiral. I need to find Nathaniel Hawk and the Kukulcan portal—there's no reason to linger here any longer.
#TEXT 29
I've managed to escape that damp cargo hold and swim around this island of abandoned ships, searching for a way to climb aboard. At last, I found an entrance to an old fluyt—luckily, the door wasn't locked. Inside, a fight was underway: a girl in a red coat was facing off against two large men with their faces covered by black headscarves. I intervened, but despite my help, the poor girl was killed. I should examine her body; perhaps I'll discover the reason for her death.
#TEXT 30
I found a rather intriguing note. The woman's name was Mary, and she was murdered for refusing to become Chad Kapper's lover and for refusing to take part in the assassination of—can you believe it—Shark Dodson! This means Steve Dodson, the man I'm after, must be somewhere nearby. I need to find him as soon as possible, before Chad Kapper gets to him first.
#TEXT 31
I've managed to escape that damp cargo hold and began swimming around this island of abandoned ships, searching for a place to climb aboard. At last, I found an entrance into an old fluyt—the door was unlocked, fortunately. Inside, a fight was underway: a girl in a red coat was facing off against two large men with their faces hidden by black headscarves. I intervened, and together we prevailed. I made the acquaintance of the girl—her name is Mary Casper, though she's also known as Red Mary.
Against all expectations, I have found Shark Dodson—he is here, on this island. His residence is in San Augustin. I must go there at once to warn him about the attempt on his life and the treachery of Chad Kapper.
Mary... What a remarkable woman. A rare blend of beauty, femininity, courage, and wit. She’s truly captivating, even with her bluntness and a certain rough edge. Even Rumba pales beside her. Damn it, what am I writing here? Falling in love is the last thing I need right now!
#TEXT 32
As I expected, Steven flew into a rage when I told him about Kapper's treachery. Still, that didn't stop him from quickly devising a clever plan to have Chad eliminated by the Rivados clan. I'll play the diplomat now. Time to meet the leader of the Rivados, Black Eddie.
#TEXT 33
The Rivados have double-crossed us after all—they managed to rescue their own, but failed to kill Chad. Too bad... We're all in danger until that scoundrel is dead. Things might have turned out differently if the Rivados had let me go with them. But what's done is done. I should go and report to Dodson. Eddie has brought me some notes written by Kapper. I should read them; perhaps I'll learn something useful.
#TEXT 34
Shark wasn't pleased about Chad's lucky escape—of course he wasn't! Now I need to track Chad down while Dexter orders his men to stay alert. I'll start with Mary; I should show her Chad's letters. She might be able to give me some clues.
#TEXT 35
Mary wasn't much help, but she did tell me one thing: Chad was planning to get a barrel of Irish whiskey from Axel Yost, the merchant. That's odd—Mary said Chad only drinks rum. Marcello Cyclops, the sniper, remains a mystery as well. I should speak with Axel; he's my only lead.
Damn it, once again I find myself thinking about Mary instead of Chad and how to find him. "Dear Mary"? Is that what I called her? I don't like that...
#TEXT 36
It's true—Kapper really did buy a barrel of rare Irish whiskey from Axel. He also inquired about arsenic to deal with pesky rats aboard the 'Tartarus.' That's suspicious—why would he care about rats now? He can't even get aboard the 'Tartarus' until Shark is dead. Since Axel didn't have any arsenic, he sent Chad to Sancho Carpentero, who’s always battling rats in his tavern. I should go to Sancho immediately!
#TEXT 37
Kapper didn't dare show himself in the tavern—it's too close to San Augustin. On the other hand, Marcello Cyclops has purchased arsenic. Whiskey and arsenic... I'm beginning to see the plan these two scoundrels are plotting.
#TEXT 38
I found Barbier's corpse with a Narwal standing over it in 'Santa Florentina'. He attacked me on sight. These bastards are getting far too bold. I discovered a note from Adolf to Cyclops—he tried to blackmail Marcello, and now we see the consequences. Another dead end; still no sign of Cyclops or Chad. The galleon 'Eva' is my last lead—it's the only place left where they could be hiding. It sounds foolish, but I have no other choice.
#TEXT 39
Chad Kapper has been eliminated, along with all his Narwhal companions. There was no Cyclops among them—they all had two eyes. I was right: they poisoned the whiskey and delivered it to Shark. I must hurry; perhaps there is still time...
#TEXT 39_1
Chad Kapper has been eliminated, along with all his Narwhal companions. There was no Cyclops among them—they all had two eyes. I was right: they poisoned the whiskey and delivered it to Shark. Now I must pay a visit to our dear Giuseppe Fazio—the very man who brought the whiskey to Dodson. I'll beat every bit of information I need out of that fat man.
#TEXT 39_2
Chad Kapper has been eliminated, along with all his Narwhal companions. None of them were Cyclops—all had two eyes. It's time to return to Dodson; I'm certain someone has already tried to bring him a "present."
#TEXT 40
Shark drank the poisoned whiskey... Thank God I had a Comanche potion with me—this remarkable elixir saved Dodson from death. Now it's time to find Cyclops. I should pay a visit to our dear Giuseppe Fazio—the very man who delivered the whiskey to Dodson—and I'll beat everything I need out of that fat man.
#TEXT 41
Shark drank the poisoned whiskey... I failed to save him, and now he's dead. Damn it, this is bad! Who will lead the Brethren now? Jan mentioned we might try to use Tyrex... We've got no choice—Tyrex it is.
Kapper is dead, but Cyclops still lives. I should pay a visit to our dear Giuseppe Fazio—the very man who supplied whiskey to Dodson. I'll make sure to get everything I need out of that fat man.
#TEXT 42
Shark drank the poisoned whiskey... I failed to save him—he's dead. Damn it, this is bad! Who will lead the Brethren now? Jan suggested we might try to use Tyrex. We have no choice now—Tyrex it is.
It's time to put an end to Kapper. According to Cyclops's note, he and his men are hiding aboard the "Eva." They must be holed up in the cargo hold.
#TEXT 43
Shark drank the poisoned whiskey... Thank God I had a Comanche potion with me—this marvelous elixir saved Dodson from death.
It's time to put an end to Kapper. According to the Cyclops's note, he and his men are hiding aboard the 'Eva'. They must be holed up in the cargo hold.
#TEXT 44
I arrived just in time! That scoundrel Chad was about to poison the barrel of whiskey meant for Shark. I killed him and all his accomplices. None of them was Cyclops—they all had both eyes. Now I should speak with our precious Giuseppe, who agreed to deliver the poison to the admiral under threat of death.
#TEXT 45
Thank God, I managed to warn Shark that they were planning to poison him! A great weight has been lifted from my mind... Now I must find Kapper and Cyclops—they won't stop until Dodson is dead.
#TEXT 46
It's becoming more impossible by the hour! Damn Chad has ordered Cyclops to sneak into Mary's cabin and kill her. He knows how to bypass all the locks! Fazio said Cyclops might already be there. I won't reach her cabin in time by swimming—the only way is to run through Narwhal territory. I know the password: '@<sParol>'. I must hurry and save her! Heading to Ceres Smithy.
#TEXT 47
I've arrived at the 'Ceres Smithy' just in time—Cyclops was sneaking through the cargo hold. I found him and put an end to him. All is well now; they're all dead, and there are no more threats from Chad and his crew.
Mary... Now I may call her my Mary. She is so sweet, direct, and open—so different from those Paris "beauties" with their affected manners! Mary... I suppose I have never met a finer woman than she.
#TEXT 48
I'm such a fool! I made it in time—Cyclops was sneaking through the cargo hold. I caught him, and we started to fight. Mary, that reckless girl, jumped in and was killed. Damn it! Why didn't I protect her? I've never suffered like this before...
#TEXT 49
It seems I am too late. I've wasted precious time, and Cyclops must have already killed Mary... I may not be able to save her, but I still have a chance to avenge her death.
#TEXT 50
I found Cyclops in Mary's cabin, but she was already lying dead at his feet. Clearly, he attacked her from behind. I avenged her death with brutal force, but there's nothing more I can do. I can't bring her back. I've never suffered like this before...
#TEXT 51
Marcello Cyclops is hiding somewhere aboard the caravel "Fleuron." It's time to board her and search every inch.
#TEXT 52
That scoundrel Cyclops was found in one of the 'Fleuron' chambers. I've killed him—no more threats from Kapper and his crew. Now I should rest and see the admiral tomorrow.
#TEXT 53
I informed Shark of Chad's plans and presented him with a barrel of Bushmills Irish whiskey. Dodson rewarded me with a fine talisman—Thor's hammer.
Steven will be resting tonight with his whiskey, so I should visit him tomorrow.
#TEXT 54
I informed Shark of Chad's plans. He took my warning seriously and told me to come see him tomorrow.
#TEXT 55
Dodson is furious with the Narwhals for their involvement in the attempt on his life. He's even planning a military operation with Rivados against the Narwhal clan to wipe them out. I told him this was a bad idea and asked to speak with Donald Greenspen first. I'm certain the clan as a whole wasn't backing Chad—it must have been just a small group.
#TEXT 56
Donald Greenspen assures me he didn't order his men to harm Dodson and is ready to swear it. I knew Chad was behind all this. I should speak with Steven now.
#TEXT 57
I've managed to persuade Steven to stop waging war on the island. Good. I should return to Greenspen.

#QUEST BaronReturn
The Return of the Baron
#TEXT 1
Those bandits from the abandoned mine are quite intriguing. Something is definitely amiss here. Perhaps Danielle, Nathaniel's wife, has uncovered some useful information. But where should I look for her?
#TEXT 2
Isn't that something! Danielle was waiting for me right in front of Svenson's residence. Turns out she had been watching Jan for quite some time, overheard our conversation, and decided to get involved. I accepted her offer of partnership. Danielle Hawk will accompany me until we find her husband.
Danielle has been searching for her husband on her own for some time and has made some progress. A Miskito shaman named Snake Eye claimed that Hawk survived, was captured, and then escaped. No one has seen him since. What did the shaman mean when he said Hawk could be "eaten by Kukulcan"?
I need to speak with the shaman and get answers to all my questions. He lives in an Indian village deep in the interior of the Main, west of Amatique Bay.
#TEXT 3
Snake Eye told me a great deal, but much of it was beyond my understanding. Apparently, this stone statue can transport people through time and space. The Indian must be mad, yet he doesn't seem it—and something tells me he speaks the truth, though my mind still struggles to accept it. If I want to find Hawk, I must do as he did—let the statue "devour" me. From what I gather, this process is quite dangerous, so first I need to obtain some special Comanche potions, said to heal even the gravest illnesses. Snake Eye is willing to give me three potions in exchange for three amulets: @<sItem1>, @<sItem2>, @<sItem3>.
#TEXT 4
I've gathered all three potions. Now comes the most terrifying part: I must approach the statue at midnight and let it consume me. To be honest, I fear this might not work. Still, it's the only chance I have. Enough deliberation—it's time to face the statue.
#TEXT 5
Impossible! As soon as I touched the Kukulcan statue, everything went mad—I was thrown into a half-sunken cargo hold and attacked by a monstrous giant crab. I had no choice but to fight it.
This must be the island of ships that Snake Eye spoke of. It's time to leave the cargo hold and explore the island.
#TEXT 6
Four armed thugs with muskets confronted me as soon as I left the cargo hold. Resistance was pointless, so I surrendered and let them search my pockets. They seem to think I'm a common thief. There was no reasoning with those fools, and now they're taking me to their boss, a man named Chad. Perhaps he'll be more reasonable?
#TEXT 7
The underwater statue cast me from the Island of Justice straight into a Carib village. Thank God my attire convinced them I was the spirit of a great warrior. They've decided to offer me to—can you guess?—yet another Kukulcan statue! This one stands near their village. The chief said it activates in the evening. I'll have to wait and pass through that cursed portal again, just to escape these bloodthirsty natives.
#TEXT 8
Indeed, the statue comes to life in the evening. I have no choice—I must offer myself to Kukulcan for the third time. I wonder where it will send me this time?
#TEXT 9
At last, my ordeal with the teleportation is over. Kukulcan has spat me back out at the very place where I began this journey. It seems the statues send things around in a circle. Danielle was there to meet me—she'd been waiting the whole time. I told her about Nathaniel.
Now I must sail to Blueweld, speak with Svenson, prepare the expedition, and return to the island. I need a vessel no larger than rank four. I should also purchase as many provisions as possible.
#TEXT 10
I've found Nathaniel Hawk aboard the fluyt 'Fernanda'. I must admit, I pictured the pirate baron quite differently, but I understand his condition—I've felt the same way after teleportation. Poor Nathan is in a bad way: drinking rum, spirits low, lost in memories. I should hurry back here with a ship; I fear he won't last long or may ruin himself with drink. I believe Danielle can mend his spirit, and Snake Eye can tend to his wounds.
#TEXT 11
Danielle's arrival had a remarkable effect on Nathaniel—he even seemed a bit younger. Danielle will escort him to the ship, and then we'll set sail for Snake Eye. There, Nathaniel will tend to the man's wounds.
Danielle and Nathaniel... They've managed to keep their love alive for so many years! I can only envy them.
#TEXT 12
I told Snake Eye about my journey. He listened carefully and suggested that the statues are broken because there's no point in sending people around in circles. The shaman said all the statues are meant to send their victims to one particular place... Though I'd rather not dwell on that. I will never go near those statues again.
#TEXT 13
Nathaniel was brought to Snake Eye for treatment. The shaman promised to restore Hawk. All I can do now is hope. Danielle asked to stay with my crew for a while, until we find and kill the Hawks' blood enemy—Jacob Jackman.

#QUEST BarbTemptation
The Barbazon's Temptation
#TEXT   1
Time to visit Le Francois. Kind Jack rules there, and I’ll try to earn his trust. I’ll have to play the fool, or he’ll never believe me.
#TEXT   2
Here I am, running errands for Barbazon. It seems he suspects nothing of my true intentions and believes I'm just another fool seeking his help. I must remember the coordinates: 21° 10' North and 61° 30' West.
#TEXT   3
I found a barque in the area Jacques mentioned. It wasn't fishing for fish—it was after cargo. They were clearly after my silk, so I sent their little tub to the bottom. Well done. Still, I won't be getting enough silk now.
#TEXT   4
I was too slow, and of course, there's no silk left. How foolish of me. Now I'll have to search for it elsewhere.
#TEXT   5
I found a barque in the area Jacques mentioned. It wasn't fishing for fish—it was after cargo. They were targeting my silk, that much was clear, so I boarded their little vessel. Turns out there are nine bales of silk, not six as I was told. Now I must decide: should I tell Jacques the truth, or keep three bales for myself?
#TEXT   6
I've found a barque in the area Jacques told me about. It wasn't fishing for fish—it was after goods. They were after my silk, that much was clear, so I frightened the captain and had all the silk loaded onto my ship. There are nine bales of silk, not six as I was told. What should I do? Tell Jacques the truth, or keep three bales for myself?
#TEXT   7
At last, it smells like serious business. It seems someone needs a fool to do their dirty work. Time to take matters into my own hands.
#TEXT   8
What an interesting letter! Well, working for Barbazon wasn’t for nothing after all!
It seems that Jacob Jackman himself wrote this letter. He and his late brother had grand ambitions. I hope Jacob will soon join his brother. Whoever his employer is, he’s certainly clever for siding with the English. Jackman was a fool to try to deal with the barons on his own.
It seems Jacob is planning a trap for Tyrex. From what I understand, the ship is loaded with gunpowder and will be blown up by snipers on shore as soon as Marcus arrives.
Those who survived will be killed by Vampire's and Scum's men—and by my own crew, of course. My name is David Fackman, also known as the Knave. I need Scum's polacre, the 'Marlin.' I'll use it to approach Jackman's men, and, if I'm lucky, Jackman himself. Perhaps I should capture Scum's ship—there may be some interesting documents aboard. I won't trouble Tyrex for now; he seems a quick-tempered man, and I don't want him to ruin everything.
#TEXT   9
The polacre 'Marlin' has been captured. This should help me greatly, as I'll be able to approach Jackman's ship without raising suspicion. It's time to ready my vessel and set sail for Turks—I must put an end to Jackman's schemes.
#TEXT   10
The 'Marlin' was sunk during the battle. Damn it, that's a shame! Now I can't approach Jackman's ship unnoticed. Perhaps I should find another polacre, rename her, and try to fool them...
#TEXT   11
I'm sailing near Turks, but there's no sign of my enemy. Strange—perhaps my squadron has scared them off. I should return here alone, aboard the polacre 'Marlin.' Only then will I have a chance to put an end to this gang.
#TEXT   12
Well, well... I can see the brigantine anchored in the bay, her sails furled. There's no sign of the corvette "Devilfish" or the frigate "Merciless." I don't like this calm before the storm...
#TEXT   13
The pirate ambush has been dealt with. They planned to blow up the ship, but it's safe now. I can board her and see what's going on.
#TEXT   14
Damn it! There they are... I can see a frigate and a corvette on the far side of the island, at North Bay. I need to destroy them both and board Scum's corvette—there might be useful documents aboard. They know the 'Marlin', so I suppose they won't fire first. Still, I should visit the 'Separator'; perhaps someone there needs help.
#TEXT   15
I have freed Bernard Vensan, captain of the 'Separator', and ordered him to sail away from Turks—his ship won't be of any help in the upcoming battle. Now I must circle the island and destroy the Vampire and the Scum. Damn, a single polacre against a corvette and a frigate? Still, there's a way to deal with the frigate—my clever girl @<sName> suggested a shrewd tactic. The pirates don't suspect the 'Marlin', so we can approach them, drop a large barrel of gunpowder near the frigate, light the fuse, and sail away. That's the plan. I'll try to blow up the frigate and board the corvette... I only hope they don't realize who we truly are.
#TEXT   16
We won—the bastards are dead, and the corvette is ours. I found a letter there, written by Jackman. It seems he'll be cruising near Isla Tesoro, waiting for his dear brother. Well, I'll be paying him a visit.
#TEXT   17
We won; all the pirates are dead, but I've lost all leads on Jackman's whereabouts. I have no idea where to find him, but there must be a way! I should ask someone for advice...
#TEXT   18
Danielle and I spoke about Jacob, and she was a real help. Knives' letter gave me clues about where to find Jackman—he'll be cruising near Isla Tesoro, waiting for his dear brother. Well, it's time to pay him a visit. Our trusty "Marlin" will serve me once again; any other ship might alert Jacob.
#TEXT   19
I'm sailing near Isla Tesoro, but there's no sign of Jackman. It seems the bastard is hiding. I should return here alone, aboard the polacre 'Marlin'—perhaps then Jackman will come out of the shadows.
#TEXT   20
I've found Jackman. A polacre against a frigate—hardly a fair fight, especially since I plan to board the Centurio. The ship is swarming with mercenaries, and I don't like the look of their fierce faces. There are no novices among Jackman's crew, that's certain. Well, let's hope the Marlin can get us close enough. I'm sure deceiving Jackman won't be easy... @<sText>
#TEXT   21
I'm lucky to have such a clever girl in my crew. Her plan is complicated, but I'm willing to give it a try. We need to get as close as possible and toss a few barrels filled with gunpowder and grapeshot onto their upper deck. It will only work if the pirates don't catch on to our true intentions. Ah, I wish I had more secrecy today...
#TEXT   22
Damn it, we did it! Our fougasses have cleared every living soul from the deck and shattered their morale. Now it's time to board!
#TEXT   23
I've sunk the 'Centurio,' along with all the evidence—and with it, my hopes of completing Svenson's mission.
#TEXT   24
The hard battle is over. The 'Centurio' has been captured and returned to Danielle. Jackman has been eliminated. His chests were filled with evidence.
A shard belonging to Hawk, an Indian, proves that Jackman was the one who organized the attack on Nathaniel.
A note containing the bandits' password from the abandoned mine—this is further evidence explaining why Hawk's men were ambushed, and how Jackman managed to handle the bandits so swiftly.
I now possess half of the map that once belonged to Blaze Sharp. This should clear all suspicion from Shark. Jackman insisted he didn't kill Blaze. Now that I have both parts of the map, Helen will finally get her island.
Moreover, I have found an English version of "Hammer for the Witches." It seems Jackman's agents work faster than Svenson's men...
Now it's time to visit all three barons: Tyrex, Barbazon, and Zachary Marlow. I’m confident about Marlow and Tyrex, but Barbazon will require some persuasion...
I'm curious about what they're guarding at that abandoned mine, and who truly owns it. It appears that Jackman served as some sort of administrator there. I believe Svenson will be interested in uncovering the truth.
#TEXT   25
Marcus Tyrex gave me his Indian shard.
#TEXT   26
I had a brief negotiation with Jacques Barbazon, and he gave me his Indian shard.
#TEXT   27
The Black Pastor gave me his Indian shard in exchange for the book he was so eager to acquire.

#QUEST Testament
The Sharp's Will
#TEXT   1
The time has come. I must prove Helen's claim to Isla Tesoro—Jan Svenson's final demand in exchange for his help with my Tortuga business. Jan has decided to hire a lawyer, and I agree with his plan. Sharp's map will be quite a surprise for the English authorities, and it would be foolish to lose everything over a minor technicality.
#TEXT   2
Albert Loxley demanded @<sMoney> doubloons for his services—and that's just the advance! Damn it, I've had enough of paying for everything out of my own pocket. I'm heading back to Svenson and letting him cover the cost. After all, I'm not doing this for myself.
#TEXT   3
Same story as always—all the dirty work falls to me. I'm getting used to it, you know... Now I have to hunt down the East Indiaman 'Oyster', commanded by Paul Molligan. Jan claims that Paul stole ironwood from him. If that's true, I ought to deal with Molligan. I can either sell the ironwood myself or return it to Svenson. And I should also capture the 'Oyster' for him—he's set his sights on that ship.
#TEXT   4
Damn it! I failed to find Molligan's East Indiaman. Well... now I'll have to pay the lawyer myself.
#TEXT   5
I'm a fool! I've sunk Molligan's ship, and I still don't know if he was guilty or not. Perhaps I've just sent the ironwood I was seeking to the bottom. Damn it... Now I'll have to pay the lawyer myself.
#TEXT   6
The "Oyster" has been captured. The ironwood is secured in her cargo hold. The rat has been dealt with, and now I can see to the cargo. @<sText>
#TEXT   7
Molligan thinks I'm a fool... The draught of his ship shows there's plenty of free space in the hold. He doesn't want anyone else in his cargo holds, and his beady eyes started darting about when I mentioned Svenson's name. He's stolen the ironwood. @<sText> I must board the 'Oyster'!
#TEXT   8
I've found a heavy galleon. It appears to be the buyer I was looking for, but for some reason they're on alert and the deal fell through. No matter. I'll return to Svenson and let him sell all the ironwood himself.
#TEXT   9
I've sold the ironwood to a mysterious buyer—a Dutchman named Michael Rosenkraft. The price was 40 doubloons per piece, not bad at all. In total, I earned @<sSum> doubloons. Two thousand will go to the lawyer, and the rest will be split between Svenson and me—@<sSum1> doubloons each.
#TEXT   10
All documents and money have been handed over to the lawyer. Helen and I are to meet with him tomorrow.
#TEXT   11
All of Helen's rights were upheld in court, and all documents were handed over to the new owner of the island. I was surprised by her sudden change—she's become a completely different person. Was she inspired by new horizons and ambitions, or is she angry with me because of her father? I can't say. This whole affair leaves me feeling as though I was simply used to achieve her own ends.
Whatever happens, God will judge her, not me. I've completed my mission, and now I'm returning to Svenson. He has no reason left to refuse to help me kill Levasseur and take Tortuga.
#TEXT   12
All of Helen's rights have been confirmed in court, and all documents have been handed over to the new owner of the island. She has left my crew—Helen must now grow accustomed to her new role. My mission is complete, so I'm returning to Svenson; he has no reason left to refuse helping me kill Levasseur and take Tortuga. But first, I'll return to the Island of Justice—my beloved Mary is waiting for me!
#TEXT   13
All of Helen's rights were upheld in court, and all documents have been delivered to the new owner of the island. My mission is complete. Now I shall return to Svenson—he has no reason left to refuse helping me kill Levasseur and take Tortuga. Despite her inheritance, Helen has chosen to remain with my crew. At last, we've reached an understanding. It seems we had to travel this long road together to realize our destinies are forever bound.

#QUEST Shadows
The Shadows of the Past
#TEXT   1
Isn't that something! Wise Nicolas has outsmarted himself. It would be amusing if Helen lost her island because of some foolish annotation, and Sharptown became an English military base. I'm heading to St. John's—Raymond Baker is the only clue left by poor Hangman.
#TEXT   2
There’s a ship in St. John’s port called the Callow Maggy. I should speak with her captain—he must know where to find Baker.
#TEXT   3
I must make haste. 15° 28' North and 63° 28' West. Hold on, Baker! My fair wind is your fortune now.
#TEXT   4
I managed to find Baker's barque. The poor man was brought aboard, given a glass of rum, and is now ready to speak with me in my cabin.
#TEXT   5
What a mad day! So much news!
Baker is clever, that's certain. I've always suspected that a fondness for the exact sciences would lead to trouble. I wonder what my brother would say about this...
Helen has a past. It turns out her father, the Butcher, is still alive. That's what the Hangman was talking about! He knew all along, for twenty years... Now he goes by Lawrence Beltrop—the same Lawrence Beltrop from Port Royale, Jackman's 'master.' Interesting. But what use is this information to me?
I suppose the only thing of value is the longitude hidden within Jessica's bloodthirsty poems. I wager these are the coordinates of the island where Helen's mother met her end. It's a pity the latitude is unreadable. The island must be a dreadful place! I won't take the girl there, even though I promised her. Who knows what awaits on that cursed island.
The tooth belonged to Shark, S.D.—that is, Steven Dodson. I suppose I should pay a visit to the new head of the pirates on Isla Tesoro. Perhaps he can shed some light on this matter, especially concerning the Mask and Jessica.
#TEXT   6
It's good to have many friends! My brother was right—connections and relationships can solve anything. Now I know the latitude: 21° 32' North. It took me a week to accomplish what Blaze Sharp spent twenty years searching for—I have found the place where Beatrice died. I must find the grave of Helen's mother. Let's hope her remains haven't been disturbed and that I can find some papers for the lawyer. I don't like playing the tomb raider, but I have no choice.
Perhaps I should speak with Svenson first. Any additional information about Jessica, Beatrice's murderer, could prove useful.
#TEXT   7
I've found the island. I don't care for this place, though I see nothing threatening here. Clearly, someone lived here before—the old ruins of a small house and a suspension bridge prove this island was once inhabited. Still, I can't fathom why anyone would choose to live in such a place.
I discovered an old grave here. There's no need to dig—someone has already done it. The grave is empty, and a coffin with remains stands nearby. No papers, no documents, not even a ring or a cross. Perhaps my journey was in vain... Yet something tells me this deserted reef still hides what I seek—a key to proving Helen's origins.
I've only been here a few hours, but this place unsettles me. It's a deep, animal fear—ghastly and cold. If it weren't for Helen, I'd have already fled. The grave chills me, despite the heat. The skeletons do nothing to lighten the mood. On top of that, I can't shake the feeling that I'm being watched by someone unseen. I'm certain I'm not alone here...
#TEXT   8
Damn my self-reliance! I’ve grown too accustomed to trusting only my sword and myself, so I decided to visit that cursed reef at night—alone, without my officers. I barely made it out alive...
My instincts were right—I wasn't alone here, and I had every reason to fear this place. It's strange that I didn't lose my mind... I encountered a living corpse near the grave: Jessica Rose, the murderer of Beatrice, who died twenty years ago. She is the most terrifying creature I've ever seen, even in my nightmares. And she attacked me.
That was the most terrifying battle of my life. I had to face an army of the undead, and Jessica nearly destroyed me with her curses. I barely managed to overcome Jessica and her minions.
I found what I was looking for on Jess's corpse the second time— a letter from Beatrice Sharp to her brother Blaze. Now I have all the evidence I need to prove Helen's origins.
Jess is dead, and that unsettling atmosphere has finally lifted. I should bury her remains, say some prayers, and perhaps deliver a sermon—maybe that will help her troubled soul find peace. I also need to consider my own recovery; Jess has left me crippled. I suppose only the holy fathers can help me with this.
#TEXT   9
Damn my self-reliance! I was so accustomed to trusting only my sword and myself that I decided to visit that cursed reef at night—alone, without my officers. I barely made it out alive...
My instincts were right—I wasn't alone here, and I had every reason to fear this place. It's strange that I didn't lose my mind... I encountered a living corpse near the grave: Jessica Rose, the murderer of Beatrice, who died twenty years ago. She is the most terrifying creature I've ever seen, even in my nightmares. And she attacked me.
That was the most harrowing battle of my life. I faced an army of the undead, and Jessica nearly destroyed me with her curses. I barely managed to overcome Jessica and her minions. She pleaded for mercy, and I agreed to hear her out. It wasn't easy to restrain myself from ending her existence, but I remembered her tragic tale.
Jess has asked me to take her to Jamaica and land her at Portland Cove under cover of night. She intends to pay a visit to her former captain, lover, and killer—Lawrence Beltrop. Beltrop is my enemy, and their meeting is unlikely to be peaceful, so I agreed. Besides, Jess promised to give me what I seek. She also promised to explain how I can heal myself and lift the curses she placed on me. Though she swore she wouldn't harm my crew or Helen, I think it's best that Beatrice's daughter stays in my cabin until we reach Jamaica. I'll keep a close watch over her.
#TEXT   10
We've arrived in Jamaica. Sailing with Jess was no easy task—her presence makes it feel as though Death itself haunts my ship.
I should land at the bay tomorrow night to meet Jessica.
#TEXT   11
Jessica and Lawrence had their final meeting. I can't imagine what he felt before he died... but I don't think I pity him.
Jessica kept her promise and gave me what I was after: a letter from Beatrice Sharp to her brother Blaze. Now I have all the evidence I need to prove Helen's origins. I also received a legendary flame-bladed sword. I should sail to Bridgetown, find the local priest, and ask for his help in Jessica's name. I must also prepare twenty candles.
It’s clear that killing Beltrop was a sacred vow for Jessica—what kept her anchored to this world for twenty years. Now that her quest is fulfilled, I’ve honored her last request: I buried her at Portland Bay, set a simple cross above her grave, and offered a prayer. May her poor, tormented soul finally find peace.
#TEXT   12
The night I spent in the church ended with a strange vision—so vivid, I still can't quite grasp it. I met Jessica in a wondrous place. She was young, beautiful, and alive, just as she was twenty years ago. My prayers finally brought her the peace she longed for, and healed my own body as well.

#QUEST alex_clock
Ship for the Pirate Baron
#TEXT   1
The shipmaster of Isla Tesoro, Alexus, has asked me to gather and deliver the materials he needs to build a frigate for the new head of the pirates. He requires 200 pieces of ironwood (35 doubloons each), 250 barrels of resin (12 doubloons per barrel), 220 rolls of ship silk (24 doubloons per roll), and 180 tiers of hemp rope (13 doubloons each).
#TEXT   2
@<sQty> of @<sGood> left.
#TEXT   3
All @<sGood> has been delivered to Master Alexus.
#TEXT   4
The uninvited guests weren't very talkative, so I sent them straight to hell. I've found the metal box, but that sly old man locked it, and my key doesn't fit. I may have to return.
#TEXT   5
Alexus has given me an excellent chronometer. I can't imagine who could have crafted such a marvel—none of the chronometers I've used before compare to this one. I hope I find a worthy way to put such a fine instrument to use.
#TEXT   6
The four months to gather materials have expired. It's a pity I didn't manage it in time, but it's no great loss.

#QUEST renovate_fdm
Renovating the Ghost Ship
#TEXT   1
The master shipwright of Isla Tesoro, Alexus, has agreed to rebuild the ghost ship. This restoration will not only change its appearance but also significantly improve it in every respect — outdated and worn fittings will be replaced and the structure supplemented with modern solutions.
All of this will cost a crazy sum, and you'll also have to hunt down and bring him the necessary materials: 150 units each of bakaut, silk, ropes and resin.
#TEXT   2
@<sQty> of @<sGood> left.
#TEXT   3
All @<sGood> has been delivered to Master Alexus.

#QUEST SharkGoldFleet
Duo with the Shark
#TEXT   1
The Shark has an intriguing plan. He claims that one of the ships from the "Golden Fleet" is being outfitted in Caracas and will carry gold from the Spanish mine at Los Teques. This ship will depart first, either alone or with a small escort, but near the longitude of the Gulf of Maracaibo, it is to rendezvous with a Spanish military squadron for further escort to Porto Bello. The exact date, the ship's name, and the coordinates of the meeting point are to be sent by courier ship, or by a trusted merchant or privateer, but certainly within the next three weeks—so I must be ready. In the same manner, a confirmation should arrive from Porto Bello that the ship will indeed be met.
And that merchant will be me.
The 'Fortune' is the perfect ship for this task—powerful, swift, and Spanish-built. To make my story convincing, I'll need to purchase a six-month license from the Dutch West India Company, ensuring there's no room for suspicion. Next, I should buy around 300 units of coffee and cocoa in Caracas; I've heard they're cheap there, while prices in Porto Bello are much higher. It's important to make these purchases openly, so everyone takes notice. Afterward, I should casually ask the head of the local port authority if he needs anything transported to Porto Bello—for a fee, of course.
#TEXT 2
I've purchased a West Indies trading license for six months. This should convince the Spaniards that I'm a legitimate merchant, not a pirate, and that I can be trusted.
#TEXT 3
I've completely strayed from our venture with Steven. More than a month has passed, and I still haven't reached Caracas. I think it's pointless to go there now—all the deadlines have long since passed. I can forget about this matter.
#TEXT 4
I bought 300 units of coffee and cocoa from a merchant in Caracas, making sure to loudly boast about my plans to sell them in Porto Bello. Now, no one should suspect that my journey there is for anything other than trade.
#TEXT 5
Damn! I was too busy and arrived late in Caracas. The courier lugger had already departed for Porto Bello with the letter. Steven did warn me about the timing! Still, all is not lost. I'll pursue the courier and intercept him—I must deliver the letter to the Port Authority of Porto Bello myself.
#TEXT 6
This is a failure. I sank a courier lugger carrying correspondence bound for Porto Bello. Now, the information about the ship carrying the loot is lost.
#TEXT 7
This is a failure. I failed to intercept the courier lugger on its way to Porto Bello. Now the details of the treasure ship are lost to me.
#TEXT 8
Excellent! I intercepted the courier lugger bound for Porto Bello and took the documents I needed. Now I just need to deliver them to the recipient—but I must hurry. I believe I have ten days.
Why did Shark devise such a plan to disguise me as a Spanish merchant? Since we knew the courier was set to depart within three weeks, we could have simply waited and intercepted him—which is exactly what I ended up doing.
#TEXT 9
Damn! I forgot I was supposed to deliver documents to the head of the Port Authority in Porto Bello. There's no point in going there now—by now, everyone surely knows the courier is missing. I might as well forget about this job.
#TEXT 10
Damn! The head of the Port Authority in Caracas knows every local merchant captain by sight, but of course, I don't. He wouldn't trust me with the courier job. Steven warned me not to bring a squadron, but like a fool, I didn't listen. Still, all is not lost. I reckon these documents will be sent by courier lugger in the next couple of days. I'll wait at sea. I must intercept the courier and deliver the letter to the Port Authority in Porto Bello myself.
#TEXT 11
Damn! I didn't arrive in Caracas aboard the 'Fortune', and now the local port authority has deemed my ship unfit. Steven told me to take the 'Fortune'... but no matter. All is not lost yet. I believe the necessary documents will still be sent by courier lugger in the next couple of days. I'll wait at sea. I must intercept the courier and deliver the letter to the Port Authority of Porto Bello myself.
#TEXT 12
Damn! I wasn't granted a West Indies license for six months, and the head of the port authority in Caracas didn't believe I was an honest trader. Still, Steven told me I need a license—even if it's only for six months. All is not lost, though. I believe these documents will be sent by courier lugger in the next couple of days. I'll wait at sea and intercept the courier myself, then deliver the letter to the Port Authority of Porto Bello.
#TEXT 13
Damn! I neglected to buy enough goods in Caracas to prove my intent to trade in Porto Bello, and the head of the port authority didn't believe I was an honest merchant. Yet Steven assured me I needed to have some cargo! No matter... all is not lost yet. I believe the documents will still be sent by courier lugger in the next couple of days. I'll wait at sea. I must intercept the courier and deliver the letter to the Port Authority of Porto Bello myself.
#TEXT 14
I've done it! I managed to convince the head of the Port Authority in Caracas that I'm an honest and reliable merchant bound for Porto Bello. He entrusted me with sealed correspondence to deliver to his colleague there. I’d wager this letter concerns the very ship Shark and I are after. However, I can't open it—if I do, Porto Bello won't send back a confirmation. I'll need to come up with a plan... No matter, we'll sort it out when we arrive. For now, I'm setting course for Porto Bello. I have ten days before the letter becomes useless.
And I mustn't forget to sell the goods I purchased—there's a tidy profit to be made from this venture. Time to clear out the holds, hehe.
#TEXT 15
A thousand devils! I failed to deliver the letter to the head of the Port Authority in Porto Bello. Now it's certain the ship won't depart on schedule, and a new date must be arranged. After failing a second time, no one will trust me with such a task again. I can forget about this job.
#TEXT 16
Blast it! The courier's name was written in the letter all along. Naturally, I had no idea, so I couldn't introduce myself properly. The head of the port authority in Porto Bello grew suspicious and summoned the guards. Luckily, he had already handed me the reply, so the ship carrying the loot from Caracas will still depart—provided I deliver the letter in time. I've been given a deadline of ten days. I must reach them before word of what happened here gets there ahead of me.
But there was also a silver lining: the bureaucrat became so flustered that he accidentally revealed the date and coordinates of the meeting between the ship and the naval squadron. I made sure to remember them: @<date>, 12° 50' and 69° 55'.
#TEXT 17
I delivered the letter to the head of the Port Authority in Porto Bello. He verified my name and the contents of the letter, then handed me a reply addressed to the Port Authority of Caracas. I must deliver it within ten days.
I don't know the details of the letter—no coordinates, no date, nothing. What should I do? I need to find a way to distract the bureaucrat...
#TEXT 18
Success! I managed to distract the official, and he left the Port Authority for five minutes. That was enough time to copy the important information from the letter.
Two ships laden with valuables are set to depart Caracas, not just one! It seems the haul was considerable this time... They are to rendezvous with the military squadron on @<date> at coordinates 12° 50' and 69° 55'.
I'm now bound for Caracas to deliver my reply to the local port authority. After that, they'll dispatch ships with cargo to the designated coordinates. Once again, I've been given ten days to deliver the letter—if I'm late, the ships won't reach the rendezvous on time.
#TEXT 19
A thousand devils! I failed to deliver the letter to the head of the Port Authority in Caracas. Now it's clear the goods won't be shipped on time, and the date will have to be renegotiated. After this fiasco, no one will trust me with such a task again. I can forget about this job.
#TEXT 20
Excellent! Everything went smoothly. The message has been delivered to Caracas. Now I must make haste to the Shark and be ready for the ambush near coordinates 12° 50' and 69° 55' by @<date>. I have time to prepare the ship properly, but there's no reason to delay. I'll ready the vessel and set sail for Cape Santa Maria.
#TEXT 21
Damn! I took too long to prepare and missed all the deadlines. Steven probably isn't expecting me anymore. There's no longer any hope of intercepting the cargo.
#TEXT 22
I met Steven at Cape Santa Maria, just as we agreed. Shark has joined my squadron, and I must say, his frigate is truly impressive. I wouldn't mind commanding such a ship myself.
Now we must make haste. On @<date>, at coordinates 12° 50' and 69° 55', we are to intercept our prey.
#TEXT 23
Damn! I took too long to prepare and missed all the deadlines. Steven has left the squadron and set sail for Isla Tesoro. There's no longer any hope of intercepting the cargo.
#TEXT 24
Luck! We've come across two Spanish ships: a heavy galleon and a navio. I'm certain this is what Steven and I have been waiting for. We need to capture one of them as a prize.
#TEXT 25
It's done! We've taken the entire prize, down to the last cent. She exceeded all our expectations—especially Steven's!
@<addText>
#TEXT 26
It's done! Well, not entirely. It's a pity we couldn't seize everything, of course, but the lion's share of the cargo is ours!
@<addText>
#TEXT 27
It's done! Of course, it wasn't perfect—a fair bit of prey slipped through my fingers. Still, what I managed to seize is a fine haul!
@<addText>
#TEXT 28
Three thousand devils! We didn't get much of the booty. Sure, we captured some, but even more slipped through our fingers... Still, it's better than leaving empty-handed.
@<addText>
#TEXT 29
Three thousand devils! We didn't get much of the booty. We managed to seize a fair amount, though... Still, it's better than nothing.
@<addText>
#TEXT 30
Damn! All the prey went to the bottom—and with it, my venture with Steven sank as well.
@<addText>
#TEXT 31
A Spanish military squadron has appeared on the horizon. We must leave this place at once.
#TEXT 32
We came across two cargo ships—a heavy galleon and a navio. But Steven was right; a Spanish military squadron was already lying in wait for us alongside them.
#TEXT 33
I'm not suicidal. I've decided to leave the Spaniards. When we sailed here with two frigates, no one mentioned we'd be facing such a powerful squadron in battle.
The Shark left me and sailed to Isla Tesoro. On my own, I can't hope to take on the Spanish flotilla. No matter—better luck next time...
#TEXT 34
The loot was truly substantial! Steven and I divided everything according to the laws of the Coastal Brotherhood. Shark himself sailed to Isla Tesoro to repair his ship and celebrate the first successful voyage of his new frigate.
As for me... my hold is full of booty, the wind fills the sails, and my ship is once again bound for the horizon!
#TEXT 35
Despite losing part of the booty, there was still enough to go around. We divided everything with Steven according to the laws of the Coastal Brotherhood. Shark himself sailed to Isla Tesoro for repairs and to celebrate his first successful voyage aboard the new frigate.
As for me... my hold is full of booty, the wind fills the sails, and my ship is once again bound for the horizon!
#TEXT 36
I must admit, the campaign was a failure. The profit was negligible. The Shark refused his share and simply set sail for Isla Tesoro.
Well... Life goes on. The wind fills the sails, and my ship once again heads for the horizon!
#QUEST Terrapin
The Turtle Soup
#TEXT   1
It seems I have an opportunity to orchestrate a little palace revolution. Thibaut, Levasseur's nephew, appears interested in removing his uncle. But first, I need to gather some leverage against him. I must find his partner, Rober Martene, and learn more about the girl they've hidden from Levasseur—Molly Jones.
#TEXT   2
Asking about Jones led me to Colonel Fox's batman, Benjamin Jones. I should pay a visit to this old soldier. If I recall correctly, Fox resides at the governor's mansion.
#TEXT   3
Really? Molly Jones isn't pretty, and she's in England now. Mysteries and riddles. That drunkard Fernand Lucas has certainly missed something...
#TEXT   4
Ha! Poor Lucas has been silenced for good, just as I feared. But now another important figure has entered the scene—Rober Martene himself. I intend to confront this scoundrel, but with caution. After all, I know a thing or two about his past deeds.
#TEXT   5
Smooth sailing! I've managed to strike a deal with Martene. Now I should visit Thibaut on Tortuga. I hope he'll be reasonable enough to set his passions aside.
#TEXT   6
Smooth sailing! I've struck a deal with Martene. Now I can set course for Tortuga, or perhaps visit Shark first to share what I've learned. Maybe he'll have some advice for me.
#TEXT   7
Shark performed admirably. What would I do without him? It appears Martene has captured Katherine Fox, Colonel Fox's daughter, unaware of her true identity. Well, it's time to stir up trouble in this nest of vipers! I'll begin by finding Thibaut. Let's see what this lover of concubines has to say...
#TEXT   8
It's done! Now I should head to the tavern and wait for Martene's messenger.
#TEXT   9
My plan is working! Levasseur will be here within the hour. I'd best hurry before the bird escapes the trap.
#TEXT   10
It's done. Killing Levasseur was much easier than I imagined—far easier than earning the trust of Svenson and Shark. Still, I must admit, I would never have accomplished this without their help.
Now I can return to de Poincy. That old fox won't dare refuse to release my dear brother. Soon, I'll be heading back to Europe—Paris awaits!
Paris? I feel neither happiness nor joy. Michel was right... The Caribbean has changed me; I am not the same man I once was. Perhaps my place is here now?
#TEXT   11
It's done. Killing Levasseur was much easier than I imagined—far easier than earning the trust of Svenson and Shark. Still, I must admit, I would never have done this if it weren't for them.
Now I must take Kathie to Antigua, and then I can return to de Poincy. That old fox won't dare refuse to release my dear brother. Soon, I'll be heading back to Europe—Paris awaits!
Paris? I feel neither happiness nor joy. Michel was right... The Caribbean has changed me; I am not the man I once was. Perhaps my place is here now?
#TEXT   12
I was attacked by that scoundrel Martene as soon as I put to sea. Traitor! But I chose to sail away—Levasseur is dead, and I'll deal with Rober next time, under more favorable conditions.
#TEXT   13
I was attacked by that scoundrel Martene as soon as I put to sea. Traitor! I boarded his ship and sent the bastard to hell where he belongs.
I found an intriguing message in Martene's cabin—a note from Cromwell himself about an English military squadron set to arrive in Belize soon. Their aim is to drive the Dutch away. I should consider how to use this information to my advantage.
#TEXT   14
I was attacked by that scoundrel Martene as soon as I put to sea. Traitor! I’ve sent the bastard to hell, right where he belongs.
#TEXT   15
My voyage to Antigua took too long, and Kathie died of tropical fever. What a shame...
#TEXT   16
I was too slow—no doubt about it. I won't find Fernand Lucas there. I've lost my lead, and I have only myself to blame. It's a pity; now I'll have to storm Tortuga myself, the old-fashioned military way...
#TEXT   17
I was too slow sailing to Tortuga. I've lost my lead, and I have only myself to blame. A pity—I’ll have to take Tortuga by force, the old-fashioned military way...
#TEXT   18
I've lost an excellent chance to kill Levasseur quietly, and I have no one to blame but myself. A pity—I’ll have to storm Tortuga the old-fashioned way, with force of arms.

#QUEST Guardoftruth
The Guardian of Truth
#TEXT   1
I didn't expect this! My dear brother has vanished, leaving behind only a strange letter. But I don't believe Michel has simply lost his mind. If he thinks I'll just sail back to Europe so easily, he's mistaken. I'm still waiting for his thanks for rescuing him from the dungeons.
Despite all of Abbot Benoit's insinuations, I'm certain Michel intends to continue his pursuit of that Indian gold. He mentioned it once, and it sounds like there's a great deal of treasure involved. My brother is a resourceful man—he wouldn't bother with trifles. I don't truly care about the gold, though I admit it wouldn't hurt. What I really want is to speak with my brother—the same man who revealed that I was merely a pawn in his game, used only to get him out of jail.
What should I do first? Who knows Michel best? Philippe de Poincy, no doubt. But I don't think that old fox will reveal his hand. I'd better visit the underground base and question the officer—the Maltese must know something about my brother!
#TEXT   2
I didn't learn much from the officer. Aside from what I already knew, he told me that Michel and de Poincy were working together against the Spanish, capturing their treasure-laden ships. Hm. But why did the chevalier become so angry with my brother? Was it really just for a single failure? That transport must have been truly important. Perhaps Michel grew weary of all the injustice and decided to slip away quietly, to break with his past? No... My own experience tells me otherwise. My brother is no sentimental girl, but a shrewd strategist and a soldier. Does he fear de Poincy's revenge? No... He already has everything he wanted, and if he wished Michel dead, he would have seen it done at once. There's something else at play here... I’d best interrogate the Spanish captive.
#TEXT   3
Here I am again, getting myself into trouble. The difference this time is that I'm doing it of my own accord. The Spaniard told me enough... Just thinking about my brother, eh? I hope to reach his gold before he leaves the archipelago. I suppose I have enough time; it doesn't seem the gold was well hidden, considering recent events. Still, it's not that obvious...
I'll consider it in the meantime. For now, I need to give instructions to the Spanish—I have a plan ready.
#TEXT   4
My plan is both simple and complex: I must earn the trust of the Inquisitor of Santiago, Father Vincento himself. There’s no point in hiding my true name—he is not a man to be fooled by simple games. I will tell him the truth and hope that his greed outweighs his suspicion. If luck is on my side, he may reveal much, especially information about Tayasal. This could greatly aid my search.
Heading to Cuba. I won't land in Santiago—it's too risky. I'll make landfall at Santa Maria Bay, which is close to the town gates. My Spanish captive will serve as my messenger to Father Vincento.
#TEXT   5
My messenger has delivered a letter to Father Vincento, offering him my assistance in exchange for a share of the profits. I also mentioned Ramon Mendoza and Miguel Dichoso, making it clear that I know about the Indian gold. Now, I must wait for a reply and hope that Father Vincento is willing to work with an enemy of his nation.
#TEXT   6
First of all, Father Vincento has asked me to serve the interests of the Roman Catholic Church—and, of course, his own. I am to hunt down a French privateer—not British, not Dutch, but French—who attacked a Spanish galleon and made off with priceless church plate. My orders are to find this privateer and deliver him into the hands of the Holy Inquisition, as well as recover the stolen treasure. It's clear that by doing this, Father Vincento will gain powerful leverage over me, since I'll be acting against my own countrymen under the Spanish flag. Damn it, Father Vincento truly lives up to his title...!
I don't have much choice in the matter. I'll begin by tracking down this unlucky privateer and see where that leads. I need to gather information about the galleon called 'Santa Margarita.' Was she captured near the shores of Hispaniola? That's where I'll start my search...
#TEXT   7
No one in Port-au-Prince has heard of the ship. I have no reason to distrust the innkeeper—why would he lie? But where is the galleon? I doubt my privateer would sail it all the way to Martinique. I should continue searching in this area...
#TEXT   8
I've got a lead. The 'Santa Margarita' was captured by a certain Gaius Marchais and taken to Tortuga. The barman told me the ship was brought into the docks. I should ask around there.
#TEXT   9
So, the 'Santa Margarita' has become the 'Admirable', and privateer Gaius Marchais is now merchant Gaius Marchais. Amusing. But where has our newly minted trader vanished to?
#TEXT   10
Marchais's trail leads to Philipsburg. I must set sail immediately.
#TEXT   11
Gaius disembarked at a shop in Philipsburg, and his current whereabouts are unknown—for now. A man from a galleon can't simply vanish like that. I should keep asking around...
#TEXT   12
The trail leads to Barbados. I must set sail for the island...
#TEXT   13
Gaius Marchais was indeed here in Bridgetown. I must find out where he sailed next. The harbormaster couldn't help me with that, so I'll need to seek information elsewhere.
#TEXT   14
It seems this voyage has come to an end. Our fledgling merchant has made a blunder. I hope I can catch up to him in Basse-Terre.
#TEXT   15
Well, well... At last, I've caught up with my client. His galleon, the 'Admirable,' is here. Now I need to find a way to capture the captain and search his cabin. I hope to find those church plates there. A direct assault won't work—I'm no fool to attack a French ship right in port. I'll start by visiting Gaius Marchais aboard his vessel.
#TEXT   16
Fame and glory are all well and good, but not in my current situation. Gaius's boatswain recognized me as "the hero of Saint Pierre" the moment I stepped aboard. One slip, and the whole Caribbean will know who kidnapped Marchais. That won't make me any more popular, and de Poincy certainly won't be pleased with me.
Here's the situation: Gaius Marchais is holed up in a tavern, waiting for those famous merchants, with his galleon anchored nearby and everything up in the air. That damned fool of a trader could stay here for a year, and there’s nothing I can do—I can’t attack his galleon, nor can I seize him right here in town. I need to find a way to get Gaius to leave Basse-Terre, preferably alone at sea, with no witnesses... But the idiot refuses to budge until he’s sold his vanilla. What am I to do?
#TEXT   17
Suddenly, an idea struck me—I spotted a brigantine in port and made the acquaintance of its captain, who turned out to be Spanish. I proposed that he purchase vanilla from Marchais. Carlos assured me the deal would go through; after all, he'll profit from it himself. Once he sells his cargo and puts out to sea, I'll get Gaius.
#TEXT   18
Carlos has managed to arrange the deal. The cargo will be transferred to his brigantine at Casper Bay tomorrow at midday. I should weigh anchor and sail to Unapproachable Cape—let them believe I've left Guadeloupe. No one will suspect I had anything to do with Marchais's disappearance.
#TEXT   19
That's why the 'Admirable' is still in port! The town is swarming with drunken sailors from the galleon—clearly, they've been paid with my money. It seems only a skeleton crew remains aboard. I should seize this opportunity to board the ship. Once aboard, I'll sneak into the captain's quarters and kidnap Gaius. It's a heavy risk, but the reward... No one will suspect me.
#TEXT   20
My plan worked perfectly. Gaius is locked in the cabin as a valuable prisoner, guarded and in chains. I can only imagine how the sailors of the 'Admirable' will react when they return to their ship... But most importantly, I am free of suspicion.
The luckless privateer refused to tell me anything about the church plate. I found nothing in his cabin, which means he must have already sold it. He'll talk eventually—the Inquisition has ways of loosening tongues. I'm sailing to Cuba, to the lighthouse at Santiago, where I'll hand my prisoner over to the inquisitor and collect my vanilla.
#TEXT   21
Gaius Marchais has been delivered. I also wrote a letter to Father Vincento about the 'Santa Margarita' and asked for his help in locating the church plates. I have faith in the methods of the holy fathers—no doubt, poor Gaius will tell them everything he knows. I should wait two days for a response.
#TEXT   22
Father Vincento provided the information I needed, just as I expected. Now I must visit the usurer in Willemstad and the church in Basse-Terre.
#TEXT   23
A banker in Curacao told me that a golden censer was purchased by a pirate named Rollie the Cap, who was soon captured by Colonel Fox. Rollie is probably already rotting under the hot sun of St. John's. I should ask Fox about the censer—perhaps his men have confiscated it.
The monstrance was purchased by Señora Belinda de Ribero of Cumana, a relative of the governor himself. This just keeps getting better and better...
#TEXT   24
Colonel Fox told me that the golden censer, along with Rollie's other belongings, might be hidden somewhere on Dominica. I have no further clues—I'll need to search the island's secluded spots. Perhaps I'll find something...
#TEXT   25
I discovered a hidden stash in the secret grotto containing Rollie's savings. The golden censer I was searching for was there as well.
#TEXT   26
It turns out I wasn't the only one searching for Rollie's belongings. One of the Fox Marines' officers was after them as well. He didn't appreciate me taking the lead, so he and his men attacked me on the spot. I had no choice but to fight back.
#TEXT   27
My appeals to the priest of Basse-Terre were in vain—the holy father refused to part with the golden cross gifted by Marchais. I need to find someone of great authority in town and persuade him to pressure the priest. I want the priest to find the strength to let go of this valuable gift...
#TEXT   28
The governor didn't live up to my expectations. A pity. Who else can I turn to for help? There must be someone who can put the holy father to shame!
#TEXT   29
Sometimes I feel grateful to my brother... It's a good thing he introduced me to Fadey! The Muscovite is going to help me with my troubles—though not for free, of course. If I remember rightly, he has a particular fondness for golden doubloons. I should bring a few hundred of them to our meeting tomorrow...
#TEXT   30
I've acquired the golden cross with lazurite. It was rather expensive, but that's life.
#TEXT   31
Belinda de Ribero has mistaken me for a Jesuit and is prepared to give me the ostensory. But first, I must do this worthy señora a favor—deliver a ransom for her good friend. Let this service serve as payment for the ostensory. I need to go to the entrance of the cave between 11 to 12 p.m. and midnight. I know how to deal with outlaws.
#TEXT   32
Esteban Sosa has managed to get himself kidnapped... what a rascal! I didn't kill him, which will disappoint señora Belinda, though she’ll be unhappy regardless. I need to claim my ostensory.
#TEXT   33
I've obtained the golden ostensory. Excellent!
#TEXT   34
It's done! I've received an invitation and a letter of credence from the inquisitor himself. I'm setting sail for Santiago at once.
#TEXT   35
I spoke with Father Vincento and learned some very strange things. According to the inquisitor, the entire Christian world is threatened by a great evil somehow connected to the Maya-Iza Indians and the treasures Miguel Dichoso took from Tayasal. Apparently, something within those treasures can stop this evil. Convenient, isn't it? I can see how holy men make their fortunes—fighting evil seems to pay well. Still, I must admit, he spoke of this ancient evil with great seriousness. I'm left with more questions than answers. I doubt he believes in my loyalty to the Roman Catholic Church, but as long as our goals align, I have nothing to worry about.
As for my new task... @<sText>
#TEXT   36
I've found Gino Gvineili in St. John's. He's staying at John Murdock's place. I'll try to draw him out.
#TEXT   37
Isn't that something! Gino claims our world is nearing its end. Kukulcan itself is about to erase our reality by altering the past. Perhaps Gino has been inhaling from his flasks for too long and has gone mad, but if that's the case, then Father Vincento's mind must also be addled—and that seems most unlikely. So, I must find the other two components of the Guardian of Truth: the compass and the map. Then, I need to search for that mysterious Ksocheatem Island.
Archibald Calhoun owns the compass, and the map belongs to the Inquisition. I should question Father Vincento about it—very carefully.
#TEXT   38
It seems that Father Vincento trusts me now and believes Gino is dead. Well, that's better for all of us! I wonder how long he would have lasted in the hands of the Inquisition—a day, two days, or perhaps a week?
The map "of Two Appearances" is in the hands of Ramon de Mendoza, along with all the others belonging to Ksatl Cha. A pity—that's not good! This caballero is out of reach for now... all in good time. For now, I must set course for Trinidad, the last place where Miguel Dichoso's frigate was sighted.
#TEXT   39
According to the local harbormaster, Miguel Dichoso was indeed in San Jose on his frigate, the 'Santa Quiteria'. He was planning to sail to Cadiz, in Europe. I should continue questioning those with ties to the sea—perhaps someone will share something useful.
#TEXT   40
The local innkeeper remembers Miguel Dichoso arriving in San Jose—he was sullen and moody, and all his men were professional fighters. That is all I have learned.
#TEXT   41
At last, I've uncovered something of interest. The lighthouse keeper shared a tale about Miguel Dichoso and his frigate. My worst fears are confirmed: the Indian gold was aboard the ship, and it's cursed. Anyone who tries to leave the Caribbean with it is caught in a storm that drags the vessel to Ksocheatem. Perhaps Gino was right.
It seems that Miguel Dichoso is dead, and his gold lies either at the bottom of the sea or on the shores of Ksocheatem. But how does this connect to my brother? It makes no sense.
I've learned two interesting facts from the lighthouse keeper:
Diego de Montoya, the commander of the squadron that attacked Saint-Pierre, is also interested in Miguel and his frigate.
The storm drove the 'Santa Quiteria' from Trinidad to Martinique.
So, perhaps Diego believes that Dichoso is in Saint-Pierre? More riddles. I must find Ksocheatem first—if it truly exists. What should I do next? I'd best speak with Father Vincento and tell him about Diego. He may be able to arrange a meeting with this Spaniard.
#TEXT   42
I had a strange encounter near the lighthouse. A Spanish patrol stopped me and inspected my letter of credence, signed by Father Vincento. The patrol officer took a keen interest in my dagger and offered to buy it for a hefty sum of gold coins. Naturally, I refused. There are too many weapon collectors prowling the archipelago for my liking. I must remain vigilant.
#TEXT   43
I spoke with Father Vincento, but our conversation was fruitless—he seems to be at an impasse as well. I should visit him again in a week; perhaps by then he'll have some good news for me.
I still believe I need to search for Diego de Montoya. He knows far more about Dichoso than either myself or Father Vincento, and he's close to Baron de Mendoza, who possesses a key component of the Guardian of Truth—the map. Without it, I'll never find the mysterious Ksocheatem. I'm beginning to believe what Ksatl Cha told me...
#TEXT   44
This time, I was fortunate enough to encounter my former captive, a Spanish officer. He informed me that Diego is preparing to sail from Havana to the Spanish Main. It's time to set a course for Havana and try to intercept him if the opportunity arises.
#TEXT   45
Some rough-looking scoundrels tried to rob me. That's a new one. What exactly were they after? Could this be the 'collector' from Trinidad who's after my rare daggers?
#TEXT   46
I've arrived in Havana, but there's no sign of the squadron. I won't risk sailing directly into port—it's wiser to land at Batabano Bay and avoid drawing attention. The bay is close to town, so I can ask the locals about Diego and his squadron. My letter of credence may not impress the guards, but it should be enough to convince the common folk.
#TEXT   47
The innkeeper gave me Diego's location suspiciously easily. Do they really hold the Jesuit brothers in such high regard? It seems Montoya is repairing his ship somewhere near Cape San Antonio, at the southern tip of Cuba. I need to land there and scout the area. But I have a better plan—I’ll send a boarding party on foot through the jungle to provide cover for me.
#TEXT   48
The boarding party is making their way to Cape San Antonio through the jungle and will arrive in six hours. I'll land there at the same time. I just hope Diego is truly repairing his ship, and not preparing the guns...
#TEXT   49
As I suspected, don Diego de Montoya—also known as the mysterious dagger collector—set a trap for me with the help of my former captive. It appears the innkeeper of Havana played a part in this as well. I should pay him a visit later... and hang him from his own filthy apron. The Spaniards are defeated, but Diego has escaped. Time to set sail.
#TEXT   50
I was ambushed by a heavy galleon. I had to fight it off while Diego escaped on his courier lugger, heading toward the Main. I can't even see his sails on the horizon. I must give chase!
#TEXT   51
Diego's lugger has arrived at Cape Catoche. His squadron is patrolling the area. Battle is inevitable. To arms!
#TEXT   52
The Spanish squadron is destroyed. Damn Diego didn't take part in the battle—he landed ashore instead. I'll gather my boarding party and hunt the bastard down.
#TEXT   53
We were attacked by Spanish troops on the shore, so we killed them all. However, Diego was not among the bodies. I'm heading into the jungle.
#TEXT   54
We have discovered a small Spanish fort deep in the jungle. Clearly, Don Diego de Montoya was hiding there. I must prepare to storm it.
#TEXT   55
The fort's garrison is defeated. Diego and the remaining Spaniards are holed up in the basement. I need to clear them out.
#TEXT   56
Diego de Montoya is dead. He revealed nothing about Dichoso or any other matters. However, he did have a leather map called 'Of Two Appearances'—the second component of the Guardian of Truth. This means Diego was aware of what Gino told me...
I wonder why Diego built this fort. It seems it was meant to serve as an outpost for another Tayasal campaign—that's the only explanation I can think of. The fort looks damaged; someone had already stormed it before I arrived. That's why it was so easy for me to capture.
Heading to the shores.
#TEXT   57
Look at this... I've met an English captain named William Paterson, who recently stormed the fort and has now returned with greater forces to finish off the Spanish. He was quite disappointed when he learned that Don Diego de Montoya is dead. But there's more. His first mate is Archibald Colhaun—the very same Archibald Colhaun who started this Tayasal madness! I wager Paterson attacked Diego's fort for reasons beyond its mere proximity to Belize.
#TEXT   58
Paterson's squadron is impressive—truly impressive! Especially his flagship; I've never seen a frigate like it before. And the name suits her—'Fortune.' I'll remember that. I need to speak with Archibald Colhaun anyway. He must know what happened to the compass. But now is not the time for such discussions. Besides, I don't care for this coincidence—Diego and Archibald in the same place at the same time. I don't believe in coincidences these days.
#TEXT   59
Something is very wrong here. Dichoso is alive, and the 'Santa Quiteria' was seen here under a new name... What the devil is going on? I'm heading to Isla Tesoro—I must learn more about Dichoso's frigate and the man himself.
But Archibald Colhaun is my top priority now—he's the only one who can tell me about the final component of the Guardian of Truth. Yet I have no idea how to reach him.
#TEXT   60
My conversation with Steven not only failed to clear things up, but has introduced even more contradictions. The 'Santa Quiteria' turned out to be the 'San Martin'... or is it a different frigate altogether? The Shark was once familiar with Dichoso... And then there's Paterson again—his flagship, the one I admired so much, is the very ship Steven bought from Dichoso. Colhaun, Paterson, and Don Miguel Dichoso—all of them are connected somehow.
Visiting Father Vincento would be pointless—I didn't learn anything useful. I need to deal with that charming pair, Paterson and Colhaun. I'll start by speaking with Fadey; he gave me the dagger that Colhaun received from Tayasal.
#TEXT   60_1
My conversation with the local innkeeper was no help at all—in fact, it only added to my confusion. The 'Santa Quiteria' turned out to be the 'San Martin'... or is that an entirely different frigate? And Paterson’s flagship, the one I admired so much, is apparently the very ship Steven Dodson bought from Dichoso. Colhaun, Paterson, and Don Miguel Dichoso—all of them are connected somehow.
Visiting Father Vincento would be pointless—I didn't learn anything useful. I need to deal with our charming pair, Paterson and Colhaun. I'll start by speaking with Fadey; he gave me the dagger that Colhaun received from Tayasal.
#TEXT   61
Two scoundrels tried to rob me right in my own cabin. How much longer will this go on? Who sent them? Every chest was opened and rifled through, but nothing was stolen. Clearly, they were searching for something I always keep on my person.
#TEXT   62
I do seem to have a knack for making trouble and powerful enemies. This Paterson fellow appears to be a tough one, and Calhoun is under his protection...
I'm heading to Port Royal. Paterson is a captain in the Royal Navy, and he often visits the town to report his heroic deeds to Lord Windsor. I'll try to ask around about him.
#TEXT   63
It seems luck is on my side. Paterson's squadron is anchored at Port Royal. I'll go ashore.
#TEXT   64
I met Archibald Calhoun face to face right in town! He recognized me as well and even invited me to share a drink. It seemed suspicious, and I was expecting trouble, but we ended up having a friendly chat. I finally parted ways with this hospitable Scot late in the evening.
This meeting was truly helpful—now I know where Colhaun lives. I should go there and search his belongings; perhaps I'll even find the compass among his things. I must wait until Paterson's squadron leaves town, then I'll visit Colhaun's room at night.
#TEXT   65
Paterson's squadron has left Port Royal. It's time to visit Archibald's place. But how will I get in? The door is locked, and I'll have to pass through the shop to enter. I can't trust the merchant in this matter—William Paterson is an important figure here in Port Royal. If I try to break into his first mate's home, they'll throw me in jail. I need to find a more discreet way in. Perhaps I should take a closer look at Calhoun's house—there must be another way inside...
#TEXT   66
Climbing was worth it! I didn't find the compass inside, but I did get the chance to read Calhoun's journal from his two-year stay on the uninhabited island. He mentions enjoying rereading it in a warm bath. The "Arrow of the Way" was left on that island, and I now have its approximate coordinates. No time to waste!
#TEXT   67
Here it is—Crab Island. It's much closer to Jamaica than I expected. I'm going ashore now; I need to find Calhoun's hut.
#TEXT   68
I've found the hut. It looks surprisingly lived-in... Now I need to search it—surely the compass is here somewhere.
#TEXT   69
Damn it... It's a trap! There is no "Arrow of the Way"—just mines and hostile men. I must get out of here!
#TEXT   70
Paterson and Colhaun lured me to an uninhabited, unknown island to steal the dagger and the map—and to eliminate their rival. Paterson knows about the 'Guardian of Truth,' and I suspect he's also eager to find Ksocheatem. I barely escaped the trap the Scot set for me. His musketeers are finished. Paterson has fled into the jungle. I must catch him!
#TEXT   71
The treacherous Scot escaped to the bay, where I was confronted by Archibald Colhaun and his women. The battle was fierce, but now they all lie dead on the sand. I should search Achi's body—he carried an intriguing double-barreled musket, and perhaps I'll find something useful...
#TEXT   72
I've found not only a fine musket, but also an intriguing key on Archibald's corpse. Now I just need to find the lock it fits.
It's time to prepare for the upcoming battle—Paterson's squadron is somewhere close.
#TEXT   73
Paterson's squadron has been destroyed, and the Scot himself eliminated. One less enemy... How many have I faced already? And how many more await me?
Now, my top priority is to find the "Arrow of the Way." Paterson mentioned it's hidden on Jamaica, but not in Port Royal—somewhere no one would think to look. But I'll find it. I must get my hands on that damned compass!
#TEXT   74
I've found the last component. Now I need to use the Guardian of Truth to locate Ksocheatem. I believe finding this island will answer many questions and unravel the mysteries surrounding Dichoso, his lost frigate, the Indian treasures, and my brother. Diego and Paterson were desperate to get their hands on the Guardian—there must be something to it. If the island exists, then the Kukulcan mask must be there as well, which could allow me to restore the timeline and stop Kukulcan. Damn it, I never imagined I'd be thinking like this! It seems I share Father Vincento's uneasiness and Gino's concerns...
I won't go to Father Vincento until I find Ksocheatem. This whole business with 'Santa Quiteria', 'San Martin', 'Fortune', and Miguel Dichoso won't make sense until I discover the island. Gino will help me get the Guardian working. Time to set sail for Antigua!
#TEXT   75
Paterson's squadron is defeated, and the Scot himself is dead. One less enemy... But how many have I faced already, and how many more still await me?
My main task now is to find the "Arrow of the Way" compass. Paterson said he was in Jamaica, but not in Port Royal—somewhere no one would think to look for him. Well, I'll figure it out, damn it, and track down that cursed compass!

The "Fortune" is truly an excellent ship. Perhaps I should show her off to Steven sometime—it would surely please the old sea wolf.

#QUEST Ksochitam
The Mysterious Ksocheatem Island
#TEXT   1
We've begun unraveling the riddle of the Guardian of Truth. I've handed all the components over to Gino. Let's hope his exceptional mind can find a solution. I need to meet my friend in two days—perhaps by then, Gino will have an answer.
#TEXT   2
Half the job is done—the dagger and the map are working! Now I need to visit the locations marked on the Map of Two Appearances. I don't know what these places are yet. I only know the first is in the center of Dominica, and the second is northwest of Blueweld. Time to set sail.
#TEXT   3
I've found one of the 'Appearances'! It's an Indian statue deep in the jungle. The statue caused the arrow to stop spinning and point in a fixed direction. I'll mark this line on the map—Ksocheatem must be somewhere along it. To pinpoint the exact location, I need to find the second 'Appearance'. Setting course for Dominica.
#TEXT   4
I've found one of the 'Appearances'! It's an Indian statue deep in the jungle. The statue caused the arrow to stop its wild spinning and point in a fixed direction. I'll mark this line on my map—Ksocheatem must lie somewhere along it. To pinpoint the exact location, I need to find the second 'Appearance'. Setting course for Main.
#TEXT   5
All of the 'Appearances' have been found and the compass directions marked. Ksocheatem must be somewhere northeast of Main and west-northwest of Dominica. I'll mark the island's location on my map. Best not to waste time—it's time to seek out the mysterious Ksocheatem.
#TEXT   6
We've arrived in Ksocheatem. This place gives me the creeps—I don't like the feeling here. I must be cautious. My goal is to find the 'Santa Quiteria' and a Kukulcan mask to avert... the end of the world? Perhaps my brother is here as well.
#TEXT   7
I've discovered a bay sheltered by reefs. There is wreckage and a few skeletons—likely the crew of the ship. Could this be the 'Santa Quiteria'? I didn't find a nameplate. There's no sign of Indian gold. The loot is pitiful; my brother wouldn't even lift a finger for it. Perhaps all the gold lies at the bottom of the sea.
#TEXT   8
I've reached a bay through the sunken grotto. There's a wrecked ship here, with numerous chests and barrels scattered across the sand. And, of course, more skeletons. I need to swim over to the ship's remains and check its cargo holds—I have a feeling this is what I've been searching for.
#TEXT   9
Yes! 'Santa Quiteria.' This bay was the final resting place of Dichoso's frigate. Now, there are two similar frigates: the 'San Martin,' also known as the 'Fortune,' and the 'Santa Quiteria,' which lies here. All her treasures are mine now! If I find the Kukulcan mask, my mission will be complete.
There are too many treasures for me to carry alone. I should return to my ship and drop anchor here.
#TEXT   10
I found a journal aboard the 'Santa Quiteria'. I should read it—it may contain useful information.
#TEXT   11
I've found an ancient Indian mask inside a locked metal box. It radiates antiquity and mystery. I've obtained the mask of Kukulcan! His incarnation will never return to the past, nor will he be able to change it. My expedition to Ksocheatem is complete!
#TEXT   11-1
I've found another ancient mask. It was inside a metal locked box lying on the sand. If I hadn't discovered the Guardian's grotto, I might have believed this was the real mask. I don't want to imagine what could have happened if that were the case...
#TEXT   12
I've discovered an ancient Indian temple guarded by the fearsome Guardian of Ksocheatem—a giant skeleton of a Spaniard who was sacrificed in Tayasal long ago. I fought a hard battle with the creature, but I showed him what a true naval captain is capable of, and he deemed me worthy to negotiate with. I gave him my dagger—the very one used to kill him when he was still alive—and in return, he allowed me to take the mask. He even strengthened my skills in some mysterious way.
The Guardian is gone—he received his dagger and his long-awaited rest. I must take the mask and leave this place as soon as possible.
#TEXT   13
I've obtained the Kukulcan mask! His incarnation will never reach the past, nor will he be able to alter it. My expedition to Ksocheatem is complete. However, I have yet to find the 'Santa Quiteria' and its treasures. I should continue exploring the island until I discover the ship or confirm that it is not here.
#TEXT   13-1
I've finally obtained the true Kukulcan mask! The one I found on the sands was nothing more than a pretty jade trinket. And to think I believed it was the real mask! I shudder to imagine what might have happened if...
#TEXT   14
I was confronted by a "guest from the past" at Cliffy Bay—a man named Alonso de Maldonado. He was determined to claim the mask and avenge the death of his patron, Diego de Montoya. Our negotiations broke down, and I was forced to settle matters with bullets and steel. Now I must set sail at once and deal with the Spanish once and for all.
#TEXT   15
Maldonado's squadron has been destroyed. How many more surprises await me?
An interesting fact: Father Vincento helped Maldonado track me down. That was to be expected—the Inquisitor has started working against me. Well, that's one more powerful enemy. I'm getting used to it.
Now I should head below and report my progress to Gino.
#TEXT   16
From what I gather, Maldonado intends to attack Tayasal and use the mask to seal the portal for good, stopping Kukulcan from reaching the past. Ksocheatem warned me not to underestimate Kukulcan. Unlike Gino, I’m not convinced that simply taking the mask will foil Kanek's plans. I worry that Kukulcan’s incarnation could still find a way to the past, even without the mask. To be certain, I may have to travel to Tayasal—though Gino insists such a risk isn’t needed. Now I must decide: an expedition to Tayasal is perilous and could be a deadly trap, but if Kukulcan reaches the past, our world will vanish. On the other hand, I already possess the mask, and Kukulcan’s incarnation shouldn’t be able to cross the portal, so perhaps there’s no cause for concern. And, of course, I still haven’t found my brother...
No matter. First, I need to return Gino to Antigua.
#TEXT   17
I've found the mysterious island. The weather is foul, and I don't see a bay suitable for landing. I'll have to sail closer to shore and look for a place where we can drop anchor.

#QUEST Tieyasal
The Ancient City of Maya
#TEXT   1
I spoke with Father Vincento, who persuaded me that I must seek out Tayasal after all. I need to seal the portal using the Kukulcan mask, just as Alonso Maldonado instructed. Our elusive old friend, Miguel Dichoso, will help me find the ancient city. Father Vincento's agents spotted him in Sharptown, so I'm setting course for Isla Tesoro.
#TEXT   2
Steven Dodson hasn't seen Dichoso. I need to ask around town.
#TEXT   3
The innkeeper at Isla Tesoro shared something interesting—and a bit unsettling. Miguel Dichoso is looking for me personally. Well, I'm not one to run from a challenge. They say he was headed to Blueweld. I'll keep asking around about Dichoso...
#TEXT   4
That crazy old man, Abraham Norman, has helped me a great deal. Perhaps he's not so mad after all—he managed to open my eyes to things I should have seen long ago. How could I have been so blind? Miguel Dichoso and Michel de Monper are the same man—my own brother! Michel the Lucky, that's what they called him in the army for his fortune... I don't understand why Abraham thinks Michel is a half-blood; he's my brother. I suppose that's the worst kind of brother to have...
Michel has gone to Blueweld and left his dogs on Isla Tesoro to keep me here. Well, I'll deal with them. Time for a fight.
#TEXT   5
I was attacked by a pirate squadron at Isla Tesoro. That was suspicious—it seems they were lying in wait for me.
#TEXT   6
Norman was right—my brother's mercenaries were waiting for me on the shores of Isla Tesoro. I fought them and killed them all to secure my rear.
#TEXT   7
I met a messenger from Miguel Dichoso in Blueweld. The Spanish are searching for me as well. Dichoso’s intentions are clear—he wants to propose a joint expedition to Tayasal, which aligns perfectly with my own aims. The meeting is arranged inside the large crypt at Saint Christopher's cemetery. Despite Dichoso's assurances, I must remain cautious and keep my wits about me. To ensure my safety, I'll land at Sandy Bay with a small group of my men.
#TEXT   8
I’ve encountered a messenger from Miguel Dichoso in Blueweld—my dear brother, in truth. He likely has no idea that I know his real identity and motives. I’ll attend the meeting, but I’m well aware it’s a trap. The rendezvous is set inside the large crypt at Saint Christopher’s cemetery. I’ll make preparations and ensure my safety by landing at Sandy Bay with a reinforced boarding party.
#TEXT   9
I'm standing near the cemetery on Saint Christopher. I'll enter the crypt alone, but my officers will be ready to come to my aid at the first sign of danger.
#TEXT   10
Damn Dichoso has tricked me and set an ambush, sending another pawn in his place instead of coming himself. His messenger mentioned something about "brothers in blood"... I don't understand what he meant. I should search the corpse—there might be something useful there.
#TEXT   11
My brother set up an ambush, just as I suspected. Fortunately, I was prepared. First, I should search the body—there may be something useful there.
#TEXT   12
I was so blind! How could I have failed to see it for so long? Miguel Dichoso and Michel de Monper are the same man—my own brother! Michel the Lucky, they called him in the army, thanks to his fortune. I suppose that's the worst kind of brother a man could have...
According to the letter, Michel has decided to get rid of me in the most drastic way. It seems I’m a real thorn in his side. Well, I suppose he won’t help me find Tayasal—I’ll have to do that myself. I should leave this place quickly.
#TEXT   13
According to the letter, Michel has decided to get rid of me in the most drastic way. It seems I’ve become quite a thorn in his side. Well, I suppose he won’t help me find Tayasal—I’ll have to do that myself. I should leave this place quickly.
#TEXT   14
The ambush my brother set has been destroyed. There will be no rest for him now—neither in the Caribbean nor in Europe. I will find him by any means necessary. For now, I must find a way to reach Tayasal. I should return to my ship and consider my next move in the privacy of my cabin.
#TEXT   15
My plan is set. I can either try to solve the riddle of the Kukulcan statues or search for a way into the city.
#TEXT   16
I've made my decision. Now it's time to chart a course to the city of Tayasal.
#TEXT   17
What would I do without my shaman friend? Snake Eye not only solved the riddle of the statues, but also fashioned a calendar from the shards I was lucky enough to keep. I hope we were right... I'll go to the statue and try to insert the calendar into the hollow Snake Eye mentioned.
#TEXT   18
Once again, Snake Eye has proven his wisdom. The calendar fits perfectly, and the statue now seems almost alive. I'm fairly certain the statues will now function as intended, teleporting people to Tayasal. This is excellent—I can avoid the treacherous jungles of Yucatan. I'll send my ship to wait for me at the Gulf of Death.
The shaman gave me four Comanche potions—I'm already familiar with their effects. It's nearly impossible to pass through the Kukulcan statues without them. This means I can bring three companions along. But who would agree to such a journey? Only my closest and most loyal allies...
#TEXT   19
Mary, my faithful and beloved girl, has agreed to follow me and share the risks. Her blade has saved my life more than once. I must look after her—I could never forgive myself if I lost her.
#TEXT   20
Helen, my faithful and beloved girl, has agreed to follow me and share in the risks. She handles her blade with confidence, but I must keep a close watch over her—I could never forgive myself if I lost her.
#TEXT   21
My loyal friend and companion, the Muscogee Indian Tichingitu, is ready to follow me.
#TEXT   22
My loyal officer, the old cannoneer Charlie Knippel, did not abandon me in my darkest hour.
#TEXT   23
My loyal officer, the skilled fencer Hercule Tonzag, did not abandon me in my darkest hour.
#TEXT   24
My loyal officer, the Chinese Longway, did not abandon me in my darkest hour.
#TEXT   25
I've arrived in Tayasal. After a fierce battle with the Indians on the outskirts, I was met by Urakan himself, the war chief of the Itza. He is the son of Kanek, who summoned Kukulcan—or rather, its incarnation. Kukulcan awaits me. I must go to the great temple of Tayasal.
#TEXT   26
My brother—my dear brother Michel de Monper, also known as Miguel Dichoso—is Kukulcan... My mind is barely holding together. I have been helping Kukulcan to destroy our reality. Impossible! Yet I managed to set things right and survived the battle with my brother Kukulcan and his minions. Urakan has joined my side; he believes I am the incarnation of Cavil, another of their gods. Poor Indians...
Now I must destroy the time portal to prevent anyone from reaching the past. Urakan doesn't know how to seal it, but he read me some of their writings: "When the sun rises against the rain, and the fire between them is held in a triangle, Tohil shall strike the ground and burn the mask on the altar, closing the gates forever." I need to ponder this!
Additionally, Urakan mentioned that the portal is sealed. Kanek himself opened it, reciting: "The sun rises and passes, water rises and drowns, fire lights and dies out, war and peace replace each other, only the sky is essential." Another riddle from the Indians.
Let's start by looting Kanek's body.
#TEXT   27
I found a strange key on Kanek's corpse. I need to find out what it's for—I'm certain he was carrying it for a reason!
#TEXT   28
It seems I've solved the riddle of the Maya! Now I must place the mask on the Altar of Time. If I've done everything correctly, something interesting should happen...
#TEXT   29
The Kukulcan mask is destroyed, along with all the time portals. I am victorious! My mission is complete and has ended in triumph. Now I can return peacefully to shore. The Itza will cause me no trouble—I am the incarnation of Cavil to them...
#TEXT   30
It turns out the Temple of Kukulcan opens when the ancient tablets of Itzamna are placed in a special recess behind the temple. That explains Kanek's words about the sky being stronger than time... I should see this portal of time for myself.
#TEXT   31
Urakan claims that the tablets of the Mayan gods might serve as keys for mechanisms, doors, and magical rituals.
#TEXT   32
Urakan doesn't know how to open the door to the Itza treasury—only his father was allowed to do so. Urakan shared his father's words: "Every treasure has two sides. Only those who know both sides will be granted entry to the riches of Tayasal."

#QUEST Caleuche
The Caleuche
#TEXT   1
Today I acquired a strange Indian amulet. I have no idea what it's used for, but my experience in the Caribbean tells me this is no mere trinket. The amulet is ancient and seems to radiate some unknown power. I'd best consult those who are knowledgeable about such matters.
#TEXT   2
The lighthouse keeper shared an intriguing tale about the amulet I discovered. Things have become even more fascinating. If I wish to learn more, I must travel to Dominica, seek out the Caribbean village, and find a particular shaman there. I should also bring a musket as a gift—otherwise, he may refuse to speak with me. A military musket or a naval carbine should suffice.
#TEXT   3
I spoke with Tuttuathapak, the shaman of the Caribs. It seems I can't make use of this particular amulet, but if I manage to find two more like it—taken long ago from Tuttuathapak's homeland by a slaver—the shaman will grant me some sort of 'power.' Tuttuathapak doesn't strike me as one for jokes, so it's worth searching for them. I should return to my old acquaintance, the lighthouse keeper, and ask him more questions.
#TEXT   4
No sooner had we set sail than a sudden storm struck, and something dreadful followed: we were attacked by the ghost ship, the Flying Dutchman! Her crew boarded us with uncanny skill, all for the sake of that Indian amulet. The captain of the ghost ship took it from me, nearly killing me in the process... It’s a miracle I survived.
#TEXT   5
My ship was badly crippled by the 'Flying Dutchman', but some of my crew, my officers, and I managed to survive. I plan to visit Tuttuathapak—he will surely know why the dead captain needs that amulet.
#TEXT   6
After speaking with the shaman, I learned many fascinating things. The Caleuche, that ghost ship, prowls the Caribbean Sea in search of artifacts once belonging to the ancient Chavins—treasures taken from the mainland to the islands. Her crew is cursed by Yum Cimil, the Indian God of Death. To break this curse and defeat the Caleuche in battle, I must recover the jade skull of Yum Cimil, which the ghost ship's captain stole from an Indian sanctuary some time ago. Quite a tale!
Now I must search for the other two amulets. If I manage to find them, I must be extremely cautious and avoid any encounter with the Caleuche at all costs. I stand no chance against her in a naval battle or boarding action—my only hope is to outrun her. Since the Caleuche is swift, I'll need an even faster ship to escape.
#TEXT   7
I have spoken with the lighthouse keeper. Now I must find Fergus Hoper, a hunter from Belize, and the mysterious Jack-Jackson from Barbados, who sails a xebec named after 'a bird-woman, born from the sea gods.'
#TEXT   8
Fergus Hooper will return from the jungle in no less than three days. It's best to look for him at the tavern, where he usually spends his evenings from six to ten.
#TEXT   9
Now that's a stroke of bad luck... The amulet I needed so badly was stolen from Fergus's house. Some bandits who've recently appeared near Belize are responsible. I should pay the commandant a visit and ask if he knows anything—perhaps he has some information.
#TEXT   10
My conversation with the commandant was nearly fruitless. I'll have to act on my own. Both Fergus and the commandant claim the bandits have accomplices in town. I'll need to pursue that lead.
#TEXT   11
In one of the houses, I encountered a most unpleasant fellow. I suggested he accompany me to the commandant's office, but he refused and drew his sword. I was forced to subdue him. Now to search the body—it appears this bandit is part of the gang I'm after.
#TEXT   12
I found a letter addressed to the ringleader, containing instructions and a clue. Now I must approach the bandits in the jungle, posing as their messenger.
#TEXT   13
My dealings with the bandits have paid off—I’ve discovered the location of their so-called headquarters. It’s a cavern in the jungle, to the left as you leave the city. No doubt the scoundrels are hiding their stolen loot inside. I’ll need to return there after midnight and search the place thoroughly.
#TEXT   14
I managed to find the bandit's cache beneath the planks in one of the galleries, and there I found the amulet I needed. Unfortunately, it wasn't without hardship—a couple of bandits caught me red-handed, and I had to deal with them using knife and pistol.
I'm heading back to Dominica to see Tuttuathapak. Sailing these seas with this amulet in my pocket is far too dangerous.
#TEXT   15
I informed the commandant of the time and place where the gang will meet. He promised to send soldiers to set up an ambush. I'll return in three days to learn the outcome and claim my reward, if I'm entitled to one.
#TEXT   16
That fool of a martinet confused 'left' with 'right.' Perhaps his parents never taught him the difference. In any case, they let the gang slip away—and now my reward is lost.
#TEXT   17
The gang that was terrorizing Belize has been eliminated, and I received a handsome reward.
#TEXT   18
The captain of the xebec with the 'bird-like' name now serves the Dutch. I'm heading to Willemstad.
#TEXT   19
Reginald Jackson makes regular trips between Port Royal and Philipsburg. He doesn't linger long in the colonies, so I'll need to search for his xebec along that route and near his ports of call.
#TEXT   20
The amulet I need is in Jackson's chest on Barbados. I'm heading there.
#TEXT   21
I've found the amulet. Now I need to deliver it to Tuttuathapak.
#TEXT   22
The second Chavin amulet has been given to Tuttuathapak. One more remains to be found.
#TEXT   23
The third Chavin amulet has been delivered to Tuttuathapak. Now I must focus on searching for the jade skull. @<sText>
#TEXT   24
In Willemstad, a monk approached me with a strange request: @<sText> But if I am to find the artifact of Yum Cimil, I must conquer my fear.
#TEXT   25
My premonition did not deceive me! In the dead of night, a fearsome skeleton wielding a great axe appeared out of nowhere, wreathed in hellish flames, and attacked me. I managed to destroy the creature. Judging by the items I found on its remains, it seems this was once the landlady of the house. Merriman must truly be a formidable warlock. I must report this to the father superior of the church in Willemstad, just as the monk requested.
#TEXT   26
It seems signs of Merriman's activity have surfaced in Cuba. I'm heading to the priest in Havana, as recommended by the father superior of the church in Willemstad.
#TEXT   27
It's time to find out if the hunters were telling the truth. I'm heading to the cave in the jungle. I must be cautious...
#TEXT   28
The cave was crawling with the living dead. After I cut them all down, a monstrous figure rose from the water—an Indian mummy with jaguar fangs and a massive mace. I'm now certain these were Merriman's tricks. The jade skull of the Chavins summoned jaguar warriors, just as Tuttuathapak warned me. Now, I must head to the priest in Havana to deliver my report.
#TEXT   29
The situation with the jade skull is growing more dire. It seems Merriman is using the skull to turn people into zombies. I need to find the Portuguese before he causes any more trouble. Joachim's lair should be somewhere in Cuba—but where, exactly?
#TEXT   30
Joachim Merriman's lair has been found—he's hiding in a cave, the entrance concealed within a cemetery crypt behind a locked door. I have the key, so I can go there at once. Still, I must remember that Merriman is extremely dangerous and won't welcome me kindly; I'd best prepare before confronting him. I shouldn't delay, either—within two days at most, the inquisitor in Santiago will receive the dispatch from the father superior in Havana, and then the place will be swarming with Spanish soldiers.
#TEXT   31
I delayed the raid on Merriman for too long, and the Inquisition arrived before me. I don't even know if he was captured or managed to slip away. In any case, the jade skull of Yum Cimil is lost for good. There's no point in returning to Tuttuathapak now.
#TEXT   32
Necromancer Merriman was a tough nut to crack, and his summoned Chavinavi monsters were truly terrifying, but I managed to emerge victorious from this hard-fought battle. Now, I need to search the warlock's body and take the jade skull.
#TEXT   33
I now possess the jade skull of Yum Cimil. Next, I must sail to Dominica to meet with Tuttuathapak.
#TEXT   34
The next step is to take the jade skull to the temple of the Chavins, which is located on an uninhabited island in the Archipelago. The only thing known about it is that it lies to the north of Dominica, in the middle of a triangle of islands, with the ocean on the fourth side. @<sText> I must make haste—I have only one month to return the skull to the temple. After that, the amulets of Tuttuathapak will lose their power, and I won't be able to get past the temple guardians—the fearsome Chavinavi.
#TEXT   35
I've spoken with Nathaniel Hawk! Now I know the coordinates of Khael Roa: 19 degrees 32 minutes North, 62 degrees 25 minutes West. Nathaniel also warned me about the dangers that await in the temple.
#TEXT   36
I've arrived at Khael Roa—a small, rocky, and gloomy island. Now I'm heading into the jungle to search for the ancient settlement.
#TEXT   37
The jade skull now rests on the pedestal before the bird statue, just as Tuttuathapak described. The curse should now be lifted from the Caleuche. I'll return to my ship and begin the hunt.
#TEXT   38
In the temple sanctuary, I met the chieftain of the Chavinavi and spoke with him. I placed the jade skull on the pedestal at the statue of the condor, and also received a fine gift from the fearsome temple guardian.
The curse must now be lifted from the Caleuche. I am returning to my ship to begin the pursuit.
#TEXT   39
The ghost ship has been found and captured, and its terrifying crew, led by the skeletal captain, has been destroyed for good. The Caleuche will no longer haunt sailors. All three Chavin amulets are now in my possession. I am returning to Tuttuathapak for the reward he promised.
#TEXT   40
I managed to fail the entire mission at the very end: the amulet that Tuttuathapak so desperately needed is now lost forever. I suppose I'd best not visit him at all—he might curse me with madness, like that ill-fated captain...
#TEXT   41
The shaman rewarded me with three powerful potions that will permanently increase my reaction, endurance, and another attribute of my choice. However, for him to craft these potions, I must bring him five stems of a herb called Manga Rosa.
#TEXT   42
Well, that's the end of this long tale. The shaman gave me three powerful potions that will surely aid me on my journeys, and Tuttuathapak now has his amulets, which will help him comprehend the wisdom of his ancestors, the ancient Chavins.
#TEXT   43
I've spent too much time searching for the island, and the amulets of Tuttuathapak have lost their power. I failed to return the jade skull to the temple, and Tuttuathapak refuses to deal with me any further. Well, there's nothing more to be done here—this was all my fault.
#TEXT   44
I've discovered a rather curious hall deep within the temple. Stone floor plates and pillars fill the chamber. The exit, which seems to lead to the sanctuary, is sealed by a massive stone door. I need to find a way to open it. Investigating this hall is a good place to start.
#TEXT   45
Looks like there’s some kind of mechanism hidden beneath these tiles, opening a path forward. I’ll have to step on them one by one, trying to find the correct sequence. Every right step gives off a distinct sound – or so it seems. I have no other idea how to proceed, so I’ll keep testing combinations and listen as carefully as I can...
#TEXT   46
Damn... Seems like the columns hide a mechanism too – and it’s protected by Chavín magic to make matters worse. But now the cost of a mistake is far greater: the wrong combination summons native skeletons. I’ll have to be extremely careful – and remember every attempt so I don’t repeat mistakes. Who knows how many waves of them I can survive...

#QUEST Patria
Hero of the Nation
#TEXT   1
So, Poincy wants to teach the Spaniards a lesson for their attack on St. Pierre. The colony of San Jose on Trinidad will pay for Don Mendosa's short-sightedness. To bombard the fort, I must have the 66-gun ship 'Éclatant' in my squadron. I can find her anchored at Capsterville.
#TEXT   2
The 'Éclatant' is now part of my squadron. I must reach Trinidad within a month.
#TEXT   2_1
'Eclatant' was sunk during the battle. A most unfortunate event...
#TEXT   3
It took me too long to reach Trinidad, and the captain of the 'Eclatant' lost his patience and left the squadron. Perhaps I shouldn't trouble Poincy any further and should find better business elsewhere. I'll never become an officer at this rate.
#TEXT   4
My squadron is positioned off the coast of Trinidad. Let the assault on the fort commence!
#TEXT   5
The San Jose fort has been destroyed. I'm heading to the lighthouse on Trinidad—the Spaniards must have sent the parliamentarians there.
#TEXT   6
I've received the ransom from the governor. It's time to head back, but I should avoid getting involved in any other matters along the way. If I stay on course, I should reach Saint Christopher in about twelve days.
#TEXT   7
It took me too long to return to Saint Christopher. Perhaps I shouldn't trouble Poincy and should seek better opportunities elsewhere. I'll never become an officer at this rate.
#TEXT   8
Despite my success, Poincy was horrified by the loss of the 'Eclatant'. I had no idea it was so important... But this is most certainly the end of my career as a naval officer...
#TEXT   9
Poincy was pleased with my work and rewarded me with a prize of 50,000 pesos. Now I must escort an inspector from Paris, Baron Noel Forget, between the colonies of Tortuga and Port-au-Prince to conduct an audit. Time to set sail! I have two months to complete the journey there and back.
#TEXT   10
I got caught up in unrelated matters, and the inspector finally had enough—he left my ship. Well, well, I won’t be heading to Poincy. I’m tired of following all these foolish orders. I’ll live freely, just as I did before.
#TEXT   11
Inspector Forget has arrived in Tortuga. I must return for him in three days.
#TEXT   12
It's time to take Baron Forget aboard and set sail.
#TEXT   13
Inspector Forget has arrived in Port-au-Prince. In a week's time, I must return to collect the baron.
#TEXT   14
I've visited the colonies of Tortuga and Port-au-Prince. It's time to return to Saint Christopher.
#TEXT   15
Another task awaits me: I must sail to Hispaniola, to Port-au-Prince, alongside the captain of the 'Eclatant', and determine whether our colony truly faces a threat from the Spaniards. I have one month to accomplish this.
#TEXT   16
It took me too long to reach Trinidad, and the captain of the 'Eclatant' lost his patience and left the squadron. Perhaps I shouldn't trouble Poincy any further and should seek better opportunities elsewhere. I'll never become an officer at this rate.
#TEXT   17
West of Hispaniola, dangerously close to Port-au-Prince, we've encountered a Spanish war squadron. To arms!
#TEXT   18
The Spanish squadron has been destroyed. The governor and the people of Port-au-Prince can sleep soundly. I'm heading back to Poincy.
#TEXT   19
Despite my success, Poincy was horrified by the loss of the 'Eclatant'. I had no idea it was so important... But this is most certainly the end of my career as a naval officer.
#TEXT   20
I've been given a diplomatic task: deliver a letter to Peter Stuyvesant, leader of the Dutch Trade Company in Willemstad, Curacao, and escort a shipment of goods. I wonder what business Poincy has with Stuyvesant. I must complete this mission within three weeks, before Peter leaves Curacao.
#TEXT   21
It took me too long to reach Curacao, and Stuyvesant has already departed. The captain of the cargo ship lost patience and left the squadron. Perhaps I shouldn't trouble Poincy and should look for better opportunities. I'll never become an officer at this rate.
#TEXT   22
Losing a trade vessel is a disgrace! I'll never make officer at this rate.
#TEXT   23
My business in Curaçao is finished. I've secured Stuyvesant's written reply for Poincy—now it's time to set sail back. I shouldn't tarry, as I'm expected to meet with the Chevalier within a month.
#TEXT   24
I was preoccupied with other matters and completely forgot about Stuyvesant's letter. Well, well. I won't go to Poincy—I'm tired of following all these foolish orders. I'll live freely, just as I did before.
#TEXT   24_1
I've had enough of risking my life under cannon fire just to solve Poincy's commercial troubles. This isn't what I imagined naval service would be. I've decided to leave it behind—I’d rather live free, as I did before.
#TEXT   25
I've been promoted—Poincy has granted me the rank of Commodore! This is a stroke of good fortune; my brother would be amazed, I'm sure. The Governor of Port-au-Prince has also sent me a generous gift: 500 bags of coffee, 500 boxes of cocoa, and 50 logs of baket. I can collect these at the Capsterville store whenever I wish. My next assignment is to await the arrival of the baron from the southern colonies and escort him to Sint Maarten.
#TEXT   26
Baron Noel Forget is aboard. Now I must set sail for Sint Maarten. I have seven days at my disposal.
#TEXT   27
Cursed be this day! I had barely entered the harbor at Philipsburg and was preparing to anchor when my ship was fired upon by the fort! Now Dutch ships are attacking as well. Hold fast, you rascals! We must get out of the fort's range and deal with the enemy squadron.
#TEXT   28
The Dutch ships have been destroyed. I need to get out of here as quickly as possible.
#TEXT   29
Chevalier himself was shocked by the incident—he offered no clear explanation for the sudden aggression of the Dutch, though I suspect he knows more than he lets on... I shall return to Curaçao once more to speak with Stuyvesant.
#TEXT   30
It seems that Poincy and Stuyvesant have quarreled over something they couldn't divide fairly. Very well. I'll report everything to the Chevalier when I arrive on Saint Christopher.
#TEXT   31
It seems that Poincy and Stuyvesant quarreled over something they couldn't divide fairly. Unfortunately, I suffered most from their dispute. Stuyvesant tried to have me arrested, but he failed—clearly, he underestimated me. No matter. I'll report everything to the Chevalier when I arrive on Saint Christopher.
#TEXT   32
On my way back, a Dutch naval squadron fell in behind me and attacked. This is too much! The bastards have really crossed the line now.
#TEXT   33
So that's what it is! Poincy was secretly trading with Stuyvesant, selling salt from the Sint Maarten mine through the Company. That’s just like the Chevalier—using others in all sorts of schemes. Now I see why Poincy delayed Baron Forget’s inspection of Sint Maarten; he needed time to coordinate with Stuyvesant on how to hide the salt business from the inspector. But the Company’s director turned out to be just as much of a scoundrel—he tried to seize the opportunity and cut out his partner. Well, the Chevalier clearly means to teach Stuyvesant a lesson—the old fox doesn’t forgive such treachery. Tomorrow, I should visit Poincy for a new assignment.
#TEXT   34
Well, that was to be expected: I must head to the shores of Sint Maarten and organize a hunt for Dutch merchant ships bound for Philipsburg. I shouldn't waste time—I need to target only the East Indiamen, the backbone of the Company's merchant fleet. Altogether, I must capture and bring five of these ships to the port of Capsterville.
#TEXT   35
Now I just need to seize the @<sQty> belonging to the Dutch East Indies Trading Company.
#TEXT   36
The task is complete. Now I can rest for a while before I receive new orders from Poincy.
#TEXT   37
Why am I not surprised? Saint Christopher is under siege by a powerful Spanish squadron. I have no doubt this is Stuyvesant's response to our actions with Poincy off the coast of Sint Maarten. I must make haste to reach the Chevalier.
#TEXT   38
I must seek help from the British at Antigua, specifically from Colonel Doily. Not only do I need to slip past the enemy myself, but I must also ensure that a courier lugger follows me. This vessel will head south to Guadeloupe, carrying orders for the captain of the 'Eclatant'.
#TEXT   39
To my great regret, the courier lugger was sunk by enemy ships. It's most unfortunate—now there's no one to deliver the request for help to the besieged captain of the 'Eclatant'...
#TEXT   40
The courier lugger has successfully slipped through the siege and set sail for Guadeloupe. Now I must make haste to St. John.
#TEXT   41
It took me too long to reach Antigua. Fishermen from a passing ship told me there's a rumor that Capsterville has fallen to the Spaniards and the Dutch—all because of my hesitation. France has lost an entire colony. What a disgrace...
#TEXT   42
After reading Poincy's message, Doily immediately agreed to aid the besieged Capsterville. I wonder what the Chevalier promised him. We must prepare for a hard-fought battle ahead. I'm relieved that Doily's squadron is formidable, especially his flagship—a 100-gun first-rate ship of the line. The English forces will be ready in a month. I believe we stand a good chance of victory.
#TEXT   43
It took me too long to reach Capsterville, and Colonel Doily's squadron set sail for battle without me. Well, with the might of Doyle's flagship, they'll manage on their own. I can return to my peaceful life, free from assignments and orders, just as before.
#TEXT   44
The battle was hard-fought, but we emerged victorious. The Spanish-Dutch squadron has been destroyed.
#TEXT   45
Poincy gave me a week’s leave. I’m certain he’ll spend this time negotiating whatever he promised Doily in his letter...
#TEXT   46
My week of leave is over. It's time to meet with Poincy.
#TEXT   47
I've decided I no longer wish to be involved in Poincy's intrigues, shielding him from the Dutch and the Spaniards. Let Doily handle it now—I'll live free, just as I did before.
#TEXT   48
A serious task lies before me: within two months, I must drive the Dutch out of Sint Maarten—including the salt mine—and return the island to the French. The governors of Guadeloupe and Martinique are to assist me with a squadron and a fully manned military frigate. @<sText>
#TEXT   49
I've decided I no longer wish to be involved in Poincy's intrigues, shielding him from the Dutch and the Spaniards. Let Doily handle it now—I'll live free, just as I did before.
#TEXT   50
The enemy's resistance is broken—Philipsburg is ours. Now I must find the salt mine and drive out the Dutch.
#TEXT   50_1
Martin Thomas put up little resistance and revealed the route to the mine. I must return to my ship, land with the assault party at Grand Case Bay on the northern side of the island, and search for a path along the shoreline near the rocks at the bay's edge.
#TEXT   51
Hah! It wasn't the Dutch at the mine, but the Spaniards! They put up a fierce fight, but couldn't withstand my men. The mine's manager, who was hiding in one of the houses, has been taken captive. Sint Maarten is now fully liberated. It's time to return to St. Christopher—Poincy will be most pleased. As for the Dutch under Martin Thomas, let them sail off to Curaçao on whatever old boats we find in the docks or shipyards—I keep my word.
#TEXT   52
For my successful military operations and past achievements, I have been awarded the rank of Vice Admiral! Well, almost—this still needs to be confirmed in Paris, but the Chevalier assures me the matter is already settled. I can hardly believe it! If someone had told me a few years ago that I would become Vice Admiral of the French fleet, I would have laughed in his face...
Another task awaits: once again, I must harass Stuyvesant—this time by capturing a slave caravan from Africa bound for Willemstad. In ten days, the convoy will pass the coast of Trinidad en route to Curaçao. I am to seize the slaves and deliver them to Jamaica, handing them over to Colonel Doily. I suspect the reason: Doily appears to be Poincy's new partner in the salt mine business...
#TEXT   53
I've made a fool of myself over this Dutch convoy. How can I ever face Poincy now? Best to leave it all to the sharks and carry on as before—I'm no Vice Admiral. The very thought is laughable.
#TEXT   54
In the heat of battle, I sank a ship carrying slaves. A most unfortunate outcome...
#TEXT   55
I'm such a fool. How did I manage to sink both ships carrying the slaves? Now what? Colonel Doily is expecting the slaves, and I have only a month left...
#TEXT   56
The Dutch slave caravan has been intercepted. I'm heading to Colonel Doily in Jamaica, and I must make haste—there's less than a month left before they lose patience and stop waiting.
#TEXT   57
The slaves have been handed over to Colonel Doily. A major military operation is underway against the Dutch. I'm setting sail for Poincy's.
#TEXT   58
So, Poincy and Doily decided to finish off their prey before he could recover. That sounds reasonable. I need to travel to Jamaica and, together with the colonel, set out on a punitive expedition to Curaçao. Baron Forget brought good news from Sint Maarten: a portion of the spoils taken from the Dutch has been allocated to me. I can collect them at any time from the Capsterville warehouse.
#TEXT   59
I've decided to quit this game—I'm tired of being a pawn for Poincy and Doily. They'll be swimming in gold while I do all the dirty work. That's enough for me. Let them find a new puppet willing to fight for ranks and glory.
#TEXT   60
The Vindictive Squadron has been assembled. Together with Colonel Doily, we set sail for Curaçao.
#TEXT   61
The fort has been destroyed. Doiley will march to the city walls with artillery from the Lagoon of Blanca, and I will land an assault party at Cape Santa Maria to advance on Willemstad from there.
#TEXT   62
The Dutch resistance at the city gates of Willemstad has been crushed. It seems the enemy has realized they stand no chance against our artillery. It's time to signal for negotiations.
#TEXT   63
The preliminary negotiations are complete. Now I must await the arrival of Peter Stuyvesant himself to sign the agreement between the three parties—Britain, France, and Holland.
#TEXT   64
Stuyvesant accepted all the conditions and signed the contract. Excellent! Our mission with Doily was a complete success. Now we shall return to the ships, and I will set sail for St. Christopher to report to Poincy.
#TEXT   65
My promotion to the rank of Vice Admiral has been signed in Paris. Well, I can only congratulate myself! How many men have managed to rise from landlubber to Vice Admiral of the navy? If only my father could have seen this... Additionally, the governor-general has arranged for his tailor to make me a new uniform befitting a Vice Admiral. I can find the tailor at the port office in Capsterville.
I have a month of leave. Once it ends, I'll report to the Chevalier de Poincy.
#TEXT   65_1
Nothing is ever easy. They always demand either money or materials. To make the admiral's uniform, the tailor requires the following:
My old officer's jacket.
- Detachable cuffs with a collar. If made locally, I'll need a whole batch. Otherwise, I can bring garments that already have them.
A bale of cotton for making high-quality fabric.
A bundle of leather for crafting a tricorne.
A roll of silk for lining. Apparently, only silk taken from a ship will suffice.
The Order of Saint Louis, awarded to me by Chevalier de Poincy. God forbid the tailor loses it!
- Tailoring tools - temporarily.
I already have the jacket from the Order. The necessary clothing, cotton, and leather might be available at the local store—I should check. As for the silk and the tools... well, I'll find a way to get those too.
I can find the tailor in his workshop to the right of the pier when facing the shore from the sea.
#TEXT   65_2
The admiral's uniform was worth all the trouble! It fits perfectly and looks every bit as elegant as those worn by the highest ranks in France. The Order is now affixed to the coat as well. The tailor has certainly done an excellent job.
#TEXT   66
My leave has ended; I should report to Poincy.
#TEXT   67
So, Baron Forget's dealings with his French Trading Company are now interfering with Poincy's affairs. I need to find a way to persuade the Baron not to establish this organization here. It appears the Chevalier fears the Baron greatly, given his close ties to the Minister of Finance and even the King himself... A wild thought: perhaps this is the perfect chance to settle the score with the Chevalier for all his misdeeds. For that million I struggled so hard to collect. For my troubles with pirates. For Tortuga. For all his cunning, cowardice, and greed. Or maybe I should let it all go—Poincy now truly treats me as a friend, and we've forged a strong bond... I'll have to think on it. For now, I'll head to Port-au-Prince and speak with Noel Forget.
#TEXT   68_1
I've chosen to stand with Poincy to the very end. I intend to surpass him, but I will not stoop to betrayal. I know how to sway the baron: with the help of my friend, the pirate baron and leader of the Coastal Brotherhood, Steven Dodson, I'll stage a fake kidnapping. Let the baron experience firsthand what pirates are truly capable of—perhaps then he'll show them some respect. One way or another, we'll make sure he understands exactly what Poincy wanted him to.
#TEXT   68_2
I've chosen to stand with Poincy to the very end. I intend to surpass him, but I won't stoop to betrayal. I know how to sway the baron: with the help of my friend—the pirate baron and leader of the Coastal Brotherhood—I’ll stage a kidnapping. Let the baron experience firsthand what pirates are truly capable of; perhaps then he'll learn to respect them. We'll make certain he understands exactly what Poincy wanted him to.
#TEXT   68_3
I've chosen to stand with Poincy until the end. I will prove myself better than him, and I will not stoop to betrayal. I know how to sway the baron: with the help of my friend Marcus Tyrex—the pirate baron and Guardian of the Codex—I will stage a kidnapping. Let the baron experience firsthand what pirates are truly capable of, and perhaps he'll learn to respect them. We'll make sure he understands exactly what Poincy wanted him to.
#TEXT   69
Damn, I wasted too much time—now it's impossible to intercept him. What a failure.
#TEXT   70
Steven has agreed to help me. Now I just need to wait for rumors of the Baron's abduction to spread. Once that happens, I'll set sail for Isla Tesoro.
#TEXT   71
Tyrex has agreed to help me. Now I just need to wait until rumors of the Baron's abduction begin to spread. Once I hear them, I'll set course for La Vega.
#TEXT   72_1
My plan was a success. The head of the Brotherhood of the Coast attacked the brig and kidnapped the baron—word of it is spreading through every tavern and aboard every ship. It's time to set sail for Isla Tesoro.
#TEXT   72_2
So, my plan was a success. Tyrex attacked the brig and kidnapped the baron—word of it is spreading through every tavern and aboard every ship. It's time to set sail for La Vega.
#TEXT   73
The final act of this affair is to ransom the baron. We'll meet in a week on Turks Island, in the Northern Bay. I must remember to bring 350,000 pesos—everything must appear routine.
#TEXT   74
The baron has been "ransomed" and is on his way to my cabin. I must admit, he doesn't look as he once did...
#TEXT   75
The baron was killed because of my negligence. What a disgrace... Well, I suppose I'll have to report this to Poincy.
#TEXT   75_1
The baron has died of a fever. What a shame... Well, I suppose I'll just have to report this to Poincy.
#TEXT   76
The baron has been delivered safely to Capsterville. My plan worked: Monsieur Forget no longer wishes to establish any trading companies in the Archipelago. Let him spin his tales for the chevalier for a day or so; I'll head to Poincy tomorrow.
#TEXT   77
Vice-Admiral... And now the Governor of Sint-Maarten! By God, what a miracle! Yet nothing pleases me more than the letter from my dear father. That is the finest reward I have ever received.
#TEXT   78
Poincy looked disappointed, but the consequences don’t seem to frighten him much. Say what you will, he’s a tough soldier. As for me, I should seriously consider returning to Paris.
#TEXT   79
I've decided to settle the score with Poincy. Capturing the Spanish governor on Sint Maarten has worked greatly in our favor. The baron has already questioned him. Now, we need to uncover evidence of English interference in our mine. I'll head to Grand Case Cove on Sint Maarten, and from there, the baron and I will make our way to the mine. We'll go together at night to avoid drawing any unwanted attention.
#TEXT   80
An English patrol attacked us on the beach near the mine. We were forced to defend ourselves.
#TEXT   81
The baron wishes to meet with Stuyvesant... I'm not fond of this plan, but I have no choice—I must set sail for Curacao. I'll make landfall at the bay near the Hato Caves, on the far side of the island from Willemstad, and send the Spanish captive into the city with the letter.
#TEXT   82
The Spaniard has been sent to Stuyvesant with the letter. Now, I wait...
#TEXT   83
Stuyvesant and Poincy are like twins—one demands a fortune, and so does the other. But what choice do I have? I must deliver the money to that wretched Dutchman, or I'll face troubles I can't handle any time soon.
#TEXT   84
I have Stuyvesant's ledger. Now I should go to the baron's cabin and deliver the book to him. I hope that will be enough. My cooperation with Monsieur Forget has proven to be quite costly.
#TEXT   85
It's done. Now I just need to take the baron to Saint-Christopher.
#TEXT   86
The baron has been delivered safely to Capsterville. Let him sing his little tune for the chevalier now. Tomorrow, I'll set sail for Poincy. Then, I must wait half a year for the outcome. It would be something to see the look on the chevalier's face when they tell him, "Chevalier Philippe de Poincy, in the name of the King, you are under arrest!"
#TEXT   87
Vice-Admiral... And now the Governor of Sint-Maarten! By God, what a turn of fortune! I almost feel a pang of remorse for the chevalier... But did he ever regret using me for his own gain? No. So, he'll get what he deserves.
But I'm even more pleased by the letter from my dear father. That is the finest reward I've ever received.
#TEXT   88
I failed to pay Stuyvesant his million on time. Just as I expected, I'm in serious trouble now.
#TEXT   89
Baron Noel Forget has returned to the Archipelago. I should go to his residence in Capsterville. It seems something has already happened...
#TEXT   90
That's it. Justice has been served. Chevalier Poincy has been arrested and will be escorted to court in Paris. Baron Forget will take charge of the company, while I... I am now the governor-general. It seems I have many years yet to serve in the French colonies. My dream of returning to Paris soon did not come to fruition. Or perhaps, I never truly wished for it in the first place?

#QUEST GoldenGirl
More Than Gold
#TEXT   1
The moment I set foot on the shores of St. Pierre, I received an urgent summons from the governor. Here we go again...
#TEXT   2
I was certain that trouble was brewing once again—perhaps a pirate raid, a war, or something of the sort. But no, this time His Excellency is simply eager to win favor with a well-connected luxury courtesan. He needs me as a trophy for a charming lady. Whether it's passion or politics, attending a little gathering will be a change of pace. After all, I haven't taken part in such events since Paris. God, it's been a while.
Tomorrow, I must go to the brothel between 9 p.m. and midnight. I'd best not be late.
#TEXT   3
I broke my promise and missed Madam Botot's reception. I hope the governor will still look upon me favorably.
#TEXT   4
No rest for the wicked, as they say in the Good Book. Last night's revelry quickly turned into yet another adventure. I can't yet see the true reasons behind all this, but it's high time I brush up on my card skills before joining the other guests. I do wonder what they consider a "big payout" around here.
#TEXT   5
The distractions of high society proved too tempting for me. I lost a considerable sum and had to make a shameful exit. It seems my days in the parlors are over for good.
#TEXT   6
A pleasant evening turned into real drama. Wagering ships and women—I had completely forgotten how far high society can go.
Nevertheless, I have won a war frigate from my new friend Angerran de Chievous. I also claimed a fluyt loaded with silver, which our dear governor conveniently forgot to sell to the Dutch. And finally, I have won the favor of Marquise Julianne de Botot. From this moment, I am the patron of a luxurious, beautiful, and well-connected courtesan who was once the lover of the most powerful man in New France—Count de Levy Vantadur. It's a complicated situation, even without considering the affections for her shared by the two men whose ships I seized tonight.
Oh, and there's the matter of my duel with de Chievous. That bastard—Count de Levy Vantadur's man—challenged me by publicly accusing me of cheating. I should visit the governor to discuss the terms, but first, I ought to thank Madam Botot for her hospitality. Then I must decide what to do with my... winnings.
#TEXT   7
De Chievous intends to settle our dispute with a duel. The governor is deeply concerned about possible repercussions. He went to great lengths to persuade me not to kill the bastard and even assigned a pair of noble officers as my seconds. The duel is set for tonight, just outside the gates at ten o'clock. This is far from ideal—though Angerran won't be the first noble bastard to cross swords with me, he certainly knows how to handle a blade! This won't be an easy fight.
And now her! I’m starting to see how everything must have looked from her perspective, especially after our argument in the street. She has every reason to be angry with me. If I win that duel, we’re sure to have a long conversation ahead of us.
#TEXT   8
The bastard proved to be tough, but not tough enough. Just like at the card table—once he realized he was losing, he dropped his mask and his honor. He fled, and then his thugs attacked us. Good thing I had my officers with me; I wouldn't have made it without them. I should report this to the governor as soon as possible.
#TEXT   9
De Chievous struck me hard after all! I was worried about the wrong person. The bastard didn't go after her—instead, he seized his frigate, slaughtered my prize crew, and abducted my woman. I don't know if she's still alive, but I'll do whatever it takes to find her! I must learn de Chievous' whereabouts from the governor. This time, I won't listen to his mumbling about 'consequences'—I'll make sure his tongue serves my purpose!
#TEXT   10
Time has run out. I will never see her again, nor learn of her fate. The bastard knew exactly where to strike me. I’ll carry this wound for the rest of my days.
#TEXT   11
My darkest fears have come true. Angerran de Chievous has abducted my woman and left a letter, demanding I meet him in Guadeloupe within ten days. According to Madam Botot, the governor will remain at his side, which means I must be extremely cautious when dealing with him. At least she is still alive! If he lays a hand on her, I swear I'll tear Basse-Terre and its governor apart!
Damn me! I had no idea things would turn out this way.
#TEXT   12
I can see the frigate in the harbor at Basse-Terre. Angerran isn't even trying to hide! But I can't fight him here. Even though I don't give a damn what the governor thinks, a direct assault would put her in danger. The bastard might have hidden her somewhere else as well. I have no choice but to pay de Chievous a visit and hope the governor will be reasonable.
#TEXT   13
No gunfight this time, but de Chievous is interested only in the Marquise de Botot. He won't accept any other ransom. He demands that I hand her over to him in two weeks off Cape Scotts Head, as if she were some precious trinket. I have no idea how to handle this. De Lyon believes Angerran to be a man of worth, and even if I convinced him otherwise, our hands would still be tied. The bastard is certain of his position, sure he'll get away with anything. No! Why would he have me abduct Julianne Botot if he could do it himself? Because he can't. He fears something. I must go to Saint-Pierre and discuss this with the marquise!
#TEXT   14
My hopes were in vain. The Marquise knows nothing that could help me get my woman back. I can't risk staying here any longer. I'll have to follow de Chievous' instructions and hope he has some sense of honor. Foolish of me, isn't it? But I have no other choice but to set sail for Dominica—and pity those who try to stand in my way.
#TEXT   15
I had to fight my way through, but I made it in time. De Chievous' ship is anchored just ahead. Time to ready the longboat. The moment has come.
#TEXT   16
Finally! She is back in my arms! All ended well, for the most part. I don't know what will become of Madam Botot, but I don't regret the choice I made and would make it again without hesitation. I've had more than a few revelations these past weeks, and now I know she means more to me than all the gold in the world. I'll deal with any consequences—same old business, a bribe here, a favor there. In the end, I can always raise my black flag and set sail for Isla Tesoro. I only hope I cross paths with de Chievous again. We've got a score to settle...
#TEXT   17
This is becoming impossible and overly complicated. I met Baronet Cortney, who strikes me as a man with considerable official authority. He is searching for a lost courier vessel, the Regina, which vanished somewhere deep within French territory—a trusted ally of Britain. The ship was carrying legendary black pearls, just like the one in the necklace de Chievous gave to Marquise Botot. He must have had something to do with the Regina's disappearance; this is probably my only chance to bring him down! I must investigate further. Jacques the Kind refuses to tell me anything, but the Baronet can actually make him talk. Tomorrow evening, at the Marquise's house, I will finally know the truth. I don't have much of a choice here.
#TEXT   18
I missed my meeting with Baronet Cortney, losing my only chance to free myself from de Chievous' grasp. I know you wouldn't approve, but I have no other choice. I must get you back, whatever the cost.
#TEXT   18_1
I missed the meeting, and with it, my only chance to get off de Chievous' hook. I know you wouldn't approve, but I have no other choice. I must get you back at any cost.
#TEXT   19
Baronet Cortney is dead. My only chance to get off de Chievous' hook died with him. I know you wouldn't approve, but I have no other choice. I must get you back at any cost.
#TEXT   20
De Chievous is in deep, and so am I. The tale of the Regina and her stolen pearls was nothing but a ruse set by the Spanish to undermine the British-French alliance. Baronet Cortney agreed to help me after we survived an assassination attempt orchestrated by Jacques Barbason. He will accompany me to Dominica, where we will seize de Chievous' vessel. I only hope Cortney is right and they won't put up a fight. Forgive me for taking this risk, my dear, but I see no other way.
#TEXT   21
This is it, I suppose. Baron Cortney has seized de Chievous' ship, and now he's after the man himself. I have no wish to cross paths with him again. From this moment on, he is the State's problem, not mine. She is by my side once more—alive and well. I couldn't hope for more! I love that woman, and perhaps it's finally time to... Well, later, perhaps. For now, we are together again, and I am happy. I suppose I should thank Marquise Botot for her help, though I trust she'd understand if I don't pay her a visit.
#TEXT   22
I heard an interesting tale from Bartolomeo the Portuguese, who is currently hiding in St. Pierre under the alias Captain Moreno. It seems Angerran de Chievous was involved in an attack on a British brigantine carrying rare pearls, which had been stolen by privateers from the Spanish. He sold some of these pearls to Jacques Barbason to raise funds for his future gambling with the governor. He also tried to impress Marquise Botot with a luxurious necklace adorned with the rarest black pearl. The British must be furious to discover their most precious pearls stolen, given how extremely rare and valuable black pearls are. However, this is hardly solid evidence.
#TEXT   23
It's a poor plan, but I see no other way to get her back without sacrificing Madam Botot. I'll have to take the risk. While Bart the Portuguese handles the exchange at Dominica, I'll sail to Antigua and try to convince the British authorities to trust my information. The bastard's frigate will likely make the journey from Dominica to Guadeloupe in three days—that's all the time I have. My aim is to get the British to detain Angerran's vessel and search it thoroughly. The frigate's logs should contain all the evidence they need, thanks to Angerran's meticulousness. If I succeed, I risk turning this entire affair into a massive political scandal. Still, the bastard leaves me no other choice.
#TEXT   24
I had no idea of the true extent of British interest in this affair. It's not even about the pearls. From what I gather, the ship belonged to one of the Empire's notorious trading agents—spies, as they're often called. Now the Brits are desperate, willing to kill and do whatever it takes to discover who betrayed that ship. Otherwise, they risk losing their entire spy network. It seems de Chievous had no idea what he was getting himself into. Still, I won't stop now, even if I could. On to Basse-Terre! Baronet Courtney is ready to turn the island upside down to get to Angerran, and, most importantly, he has the full authority to do so.
You must already be in Martinique. Everything is falling apart, and yet I can't stop thinking of you. I managed to deliver the British investigator to Basse-Terre, hoping my instincts were right and that de Chievous hasn't fled just yet. I should see the governor as soon as possible to ensure things proceed peacefully. Baronet Cortney will be relentless with any witness, but I need a quiet arrest of de Chievous—not a British Navy landing party storming a French town.
#TEXT   25
It's over, I think. Sometimes we must lose something before we truly understand its worth. Not everyone gets a chance to reclaim what they've lost. I was one of the lucky ones. That woman... I always knew I loved her, but only now am I beginning to grasp her true importance to me. Meanwhile, Barth didn't wait for me and fled Martinique. I don't even need to read his farewell letter to know what really happened here. Some things never change—the shadow games of dukes and the wars of kings.
#TEXT   26

#QUEST LongHappy
Happily Ever After
#TEXT   1
Abbot Benoit delivered a letter from my father, along with some notarial documents.
So, my father already learned what happened to Michel from Benoit himself, and it seems he's had time to come to terms with it. Damn it! I should have written to him myself!
And now he’s decided to leave the de Monper family to me—not only making me heir to a meager estate and a respectable family name, but also insisting I marry a suitable girl. What’s next? Am I to provide him with grandchildren as well?!
Even if Yvonne La Brigne were not as dense as a cork, neither she nor all the vineyards of Gascony or Bordeaux could make me give up the love I've found here in the New World! I cannot imagine my life without @<sName>, yet I cannot defy my father's wishes, spoken in such a commanding tone.
There’s only one way out: to face my esteemed father, the heir must already be married—married for love, and by all proper rules. The gold I’ve earned here should appease my father regarding the lack of a dowry.
I'm not sure if @<sName> has been expecting this, but I intend to offer her my hand and heart. Truth be told, I should have done this long ago. Still, I must consider it carefully before taking action.
#TEXT   2_1
I'll speak with @<sName>—the time has come. The New World is wild and beautiful, full of towns that seem like paradise, but our story begins in the bay of Sabu Matila on Isla Tessoro. The fate of this island has shaped our destinies, and will do so again. We'll take a couple of bottles of good wine, stroll along the shore, admire the scenery, and I will ask @<sName> to become Madame de Monper, now and forever.
But first, I must visit Abbot Benoit at the Church of Saint Pierre.
#TEXT   2_2
I'll speak with @<sName>—the time has come. The New World is wild and beautiful, full of towns that seem like paradise, but our story begins at the Tortuga lighthouse. This is a tale of freedom, camaraderie, heartfelt tenderness, and love. We'll bring a couple of bottles of fine wine, take a stroll, admire the view, and I'll ask @<sName> to become Madame de Monper, now and forever.
But first, I must visit Abbot Benoit at the Church of Saint Pierre.
#TEXT   2_3
I'll speak with @<sName>—the time has come. The New World is wild and beautiful, filled with towns that seem like paradise, but our story begins in Jamaica. In Port Royal Harbor, where the stale winds of Europe fade and the Caribbean breeze—heavy with the scent of gunpowder and rum—takes over. We'll bring a couple of bottles of good wine, stroll along the shore, admire the view, and I'll ask @<sName> to become Madame de Monper, now and forever.
But first, I must visit Abbot Benoit at the Church of Saint Pierre.
#TEXT   3
I need to speak with Abbot Benoit—I believe he will agree to marry me and @<sName>.
I must remember to speak with @<sName> about which of our friends we should invite to the celebration.
#TEXT 	4
The first difficulties have arisen—Abbot Benoit went to negotiate church matters with the Spanish clergy, but his absence has dragged on and is causing concern among the other priests. It's possible the holy father has run into trouble, so I must make haste and begin my search. In Santiago, I might learn something about the clergy's meeting, since Father Palotty, the prelate inquisitor, is one of the negotiators.
#TEXT   5
So, here I am in Santiago. I doubt the Inquisition will welcome me, so I'll start by asking questions around the city. From what I gather, the meeting between the spiritual leaders of the two warring nations is official, so there should be gossip about it on every street corner.
#TEXT   6
I've learned that Abbot Benoit and his delegation are still in Santiago. The negotiations have clearly dragged on, and each evening the holy father leads prayers in the local church. This is my chance to speak with him without further questions or his 'honorable guard.'
#TEXT   7
I have neither the time nor the patience to unravel the church intrigues of the Spaniards. Father Benoit must be removed from his position as an honored guest, swiftly and decisively. As for the prelate inquisitor... well, it's not the first time our interests have collided. The Lord teaches us humility for a reason.
#TEXT	8
I rescued Abbot Benoit from Santiago. I doubt the father inquisitor has grown any fonder of me because of this—quite the opposite, in fact.
The task is complete; now I must deliver the abbot to Martinique.
#TEXT   9
She said "yes." Damn it, we've been together for so long, yet I was as nervous as a young man on his first date. What is this woman doing to me? Still, I'm over the moon with happiness. Now, I just need to take care of the wedding preparations.
#TEXT   10
To avoid unnecessary complications—like the Brethren of the Coast seizing the town—@<sName> and I agreed to split the celebration into two parts: the official ceremony at the church in Martinique, and a friendly feast in Sharptown. @<sName> offered to handle the arrangements and send invitations to Isla Tessoro. I need to take her there and collect: @<sGoods>
I hope this will be enough. However, if the drink runs out, I can always take to the sea... Well, let's hope it doesn't come to that. For now, I need to speak with Father Benoit and select the guests who will attend the official ceremony at the church.
#TEXT   10_1
Mary suggests bringing the crew ashore on the wedding day to give them a proper celebration. It's a fine idea, but I'll need to gather @<sGoods> so the sea dogs don't die of thirst or boredom. Once I've collected everything, I'll head to the local tavern and hand it over to the owner. Mary will speak with him beforehand to make the necessary arrangements.
#TEXT   11
I've arranged a wedding at the Church of Saint Pierre. It will take place exactly one month from now, giving everyone time to arrive. I still have time to finish all the preparations—guests are unlikely to wait if I'm not ready.
#TEXT   12
It wasn't easy, but we've done it. All the supplies have been purchased, every necessary bribe and payment made, and the guests have received their invitations. Now, all that remains is to wait for the appointed day. Soon, the daring captain and adventurer Charles de Maure will become the respectable and married Chevalier de Monper.
#TEXT   13
A month has passed, and the guests have likely arrived in Saint-Pierre. It's time to head to the church on Martinique for my wedding! @<sText>
#TEXT 	14
The crucial moment has arrived—all the guests have gathered. I should go to the church to speak with Father Benoit and arrange for the service to begin.
Frankly, I would have found it easier to face half a dozen boarding parties, but this day was bound to come. I am grateful to fate that my chosen one is @<sName>, and not some "worthy candidate" with a couple of vineyards to their name. Marriage for love is rare, and for mutual love, it is priceless.
Yes, I am happy, and my father will have to accept my choice.
#TEXT   15
The wedding is underway. I've mingled with the guests; now it's time to return to Jan and see if he needs any help with the arrangements.
#TEXT   16
The celebration among friends turned into a bloody massacre. Jacques the Kindman seized the opportunity, rallied his forces, and is now trying once and for all to eliminate most of the barons of the Brethren. He attacked Sharptown both by land and by sea. We spotted the landing party making its way through the catacombs in time and managed to fight them off. Svenson, Tyrex, and the others boarded their ships to hold back Barbason's squadron, while Hawk and I searched for Dannie and @<sName>.
Angerran de Chievous himself has allied with Barbason—he led the landing party, intending to settle our "disagreements" with me. Hawk and I found the bastard in the residence—he was holding our wives at gunpoint, and @<sName1> shielded them from the shot, taking a bullet. By some miracle, he survived, but he's in a bad way—he's lost a lot of blood, and without Gino's help, he likely won't make it.
But where should I look for Gino in Sharptown, now turned into a battlefield? Fighting rages in the harbor, and every minute counts—the barons' ships, crewed only by their watchmen, are facing overwhelming odds. I must put to sea at once and support them before they're all killed.
#TEXT   16_1
The celebration among friends turned into a bloody massacre. Jacques the Kindman seized the opportunity, gathered his forces, and is now trying once and for all to eliminate most of the Brethren barons. He attacked Sharptown by both land and sea. We spotted the landing party making its way through the catacombs in time and managed to repel them. Svenson, Tyrex, and the others boarded their ships to hold back Barbason's squadron, while Hawk and I searched for Dannie and @<sName>.
The scoundrel Dussak, one of Kindman's men, held our wives at gunpoint. @<sName1> shielded them from the shot and took a bullet. By some miracle, he survived, but he's in a dire state—he's lost a lot of blood and, without Gino's help, he may not make it.
But where should I look for Gino in Sharptown, now turned into a battlefield? Fighting rages in the harbor, and every minute counts—the barons' ships, crewed only by watchmen, are struggling against overwhelming odds. I must set sail at once to support them before they're all killed.
#TEXT   17
In the tavern, I found Barbason's mercenaries trying to hide and wait out the assault. It seems that before I arrived, they were planning to break down the door to the room upstairs.
#TEXT	18
I found Gino hiding in a room at the tavern. If I hadn't arrived when I did, things could have ended badly for him. I hope he'll make it in time and that @<sName1> will survive. Now I must head back to sea—things seem to be taking a grim turn there.
#TEXT   19
I set out to sea—everything in the bay looks grim, but all is not lost! However, I don't see Tyrex's frigate. They say Jacques the Kindman boarded her half an hour ago. I hope he's still alive—Barbason isn't the sort to kill his enemies right away.
#TEXT   20
It seems I’ve arrived just in time—the battle is clearly not in our favor, but all is not yet lost! Now is the moment to rip out the fangs of that snake Barbason and take his head!
#TEXT   21
It was a long and difficult day, but it has finally come to an end. Victory in the battle at Privateer Bay is ours, but at what cost! Jacques Barbason's coup attempt has dealt terrible damage to the Brethren. @<sText1>@<sText2>@<sText3>@<sText4>@<sText5>

#QUEST IslaMona
A Place to Call Home
#TEXT   1
A wild idea struck me—to turn Isla Mona into something more than just a deserted pirate hideout in the heart of the Caribbean. My steadfast "governor," Rodgar, wasn't keen on the plan, but at least he pointed out what needs to be done. First, I must find high-quality tools and a few very particular settlers. The tools are straightforward enough—I'll speak with the shipyard masters. But settlers... Who in their right mind would agree to help build who-knows-what, in who-knows-where, and under whose flag? And all of it must be done in absolute secrecy, with no hope of returning to civilization for years. I refuse to bring slaves there! I'll start with the tools and see where that leads. There's no rush with this task. Or perhaps I should just abandon the whole notion?
#TEXT   2
I purchased a set of high-quality European tools for a hefty sum. Such tools are usually used to establish entire colonies, but for the price I paid, they ought to build themselves! Now, let's go and make Rodgar's day.
#TEXT   3
It seems that only after seeing the tools did Rodgar finally believe in the seriousness of my intentions. Now, finding colonists is the next step. Easier said than done...
#TEXT   3-1
Rumor has it that a group has landed on an uninhabited island. I should try to find them—perhaps they might prove useful to my plans. And if not, at the very least, I can demand payment for their rescue.
#TEXT   4
I rescued a group of Spanish refugees from the grim fate they faced. They haven't yet grasped the irony of their situation: from one deserted island, they're now being taken to another. Still, neither they nor I have much choice. I need colonists, and they have nowhere else to go. With luck, something worthwhile will come of this strange alliance.
#TEXT   5
I introduced Rodgar to Jimenez, the leader of the refugees. Tomorrow, I should meet with both men to hear their proposals for building the settlement.
#TEXT   6
Jimenez clearly knows his craft and has thrown himself into the construction with great enthusiasm. After all, this will be his home. So I wasn't surprised when he suggested we first bring the settlement to a more civilized state by rebuilding the shacks into proper houses. The list of necessary goods is impressive, and I suspect it will only grow in the future. All the supplies I bring here must be unloaded in the warehouse. I'll speak with Rodgar—he needs to thoroughly explore the island. It turns out we know very little about Isla Mona.
#TEXT   7
Rodgar caught me off guard! He and his men demanded payment for their services—a hefty sum of six hundred full-weight gold coins. I didn't argue; after all, good work deserves fair reward, and the development of this base is entirely my own undertaking.
Additionally, I need to bring essential supplies for our guests from Europe. I must deliver 2,000 units of food and 300 medicines to the warehouse.
#TEXT   8
Rodgar certainly surprised me! He and his men demanded gold for their services—a hefty sum of six hundred full-weight gold coins. Naturally, I refused. If they wish to live comfortably on my island, they'd best earn it. Besides, what use have they for money on a remote island? In any case, the reconnaissance of the island is now complete.
Now I just need to deliver the essential supplies to our guests from Europe.
I need to deliver 2,000 units of food and 300 medicines to the warehouse.
#TEXT   9
I've handed the doubloons over to Rodgar. The matter of the island reconnaissance is now settled.
#TEXT   10
The food and medicines have been delivered. Now, no one should die during the construction.
#TEXT   11
I've delivered the construction materials, but Jimenez insists I must first resolve the reconnaissance and supply issues with Rodgar. If I don't address these concerns, starting a major construction project could be pointless.
#TEXT   12
Well, that's it—the construction is in full swing! I certainly hope I didn't haul all these planks and bricks here for nothing. A lot of money and time have been spent, so Rodgar and Jimenez had better make the most of the next six months.
#TEXT   13
The settlement has changed—and certainly for the better! It's not quite La Vega yet, but still, I'm proud. Onward and upward: Rodrigo has drawn up a detailed plan for the next phase of construction. I need to review it and make a decision. The ironwood factory would help recover our investment quickly, but a tavern with a pier would also bring considerable benefits.
#TEXT   14
Isla Mona has changed dramatically. It's now both a formidable military base in a strategically vital spot and a profitable venture. But Rodrigo had yet another 'pleasant' surprise for me. It turns out he and his people have quite an intriguing history. No one ends up stranded on an uninhabited island without cause! I can't decide what troubles me more: that they're heretics and criminals, or that he lied to me. Or perhaps I don't care at all? Either way, if I choose to fully trust and accept Jimenez and his followers, I'll need to deliver a large supply of materials to build a church. And not just any Christian church, either! Ha! This 'sign of trust' is turning out to be damn expensive!
#TEXT   15
The decision is made—a church it is! Rodrigo was overjoyed, and I found myself a bit moved. In two months, construction on Isla Mona will be officially completed, and I am invited to attend the celebration in its honor.
#TEXT   16
Upon arriving at the newly built pier, I was surprised to find a determined French naval corporal instead of the expected celebration with spirited Spanish señores. The presence of infantrymen on my land was troubling, but I relied on my officer's commission to handle the situation. It was clear we couldn't allow the guests to depart, so I went to meet their commanding officer, hoping none of my people had come to harm.
#TEXT   17
When I arrived at the newly built pier, I was surprised to find a determined French naval corporal instead of the expected celebration with spirited Spanish señores. The presence of infantrymen on my land is deeply troubling, so without further investigation, I chose to open fire. I can't allow any of these intruders to leave the island—I must cut them all down. To battle!
#TEXT   18
Upon arriving at the newly built pier, I was surprised to find a resolute French naval corporal instead of the expected celebration with spirited Spanish señores. The presence of infantrymen on my land is thoroughly perplexing, but I was clearly informed that both I and my ship are now in the temporary service of His Majesty. It's an honor, to be sure, but I cannot allow anyone to leave the island. I am heading to their commanding officer, hoping none of my people have been harmed.
#TEXT   19
Preposterous. Near Isla Mona, a naval battle broke out and ended disastrously for both sides. The survivors washed up on my island and, quite rightly, assumed they'd stumbled upon a pirate haven. Now, everyone is locked in a tense standoff, each side wary of making the first move. The situation is at a deadlock, so I've been sent to scout and negotiate with the 'bandits.' It would be a suicide mission—if they weren't my own crew.
#TEXT   20
What a day! Just outside the settlement, I unexpectedly came across one of Rodgar's pirates approaching the soldiers with his hands raised. The peaceful evening quickly turned chaotic as gunfire erupted. It seems this now-dead fool held a grudge over unpaid doubloons. On the bright side, my island is now free of intruders. Time to head back to the settlement.
#TEXT   20_1
It turns out my own countrymen were the enemy. It's regrettable that it came to this, but I won't allow anyone to brazenly invade my island. I need to check on Rodgar and Rodrigo in the settlement—hopefully, they've managed to organize a defense.
#TEXT   21
I've reunited with my crew. Thank God, everyone is unharmed. It's time to put an end to this chaos, and that means forcing the enemy into a desperate assault on the gates. Under no circumstances should my people attack first—the losses would be catastrophic. I'm off to see the lieutenant—it's time to commit an act of treason.
#TEXT   22
Having an officer's rank truly paid off. Despite the difficult situation my crew faced, the lieutenant maintained strict discipline and order. All I had to do was give the command, and they marched straight into the trap as if on parade. And how do I feel about it all?
#TEXT   23
I managed to persuade the lieutenant to launch an attack, though I'll have to directly support his vanguard. I'll have to do without the cannons, which complicates my task. I'm heading to the pier to join my crew.
#TEXT   24
I managed to convince the lieutenant to attack. He didn't even take me or my crew for support, but marched bravely toward the settlement. I'll wait for the cannon shot, then follow him at once. I wonder what my father would say about all this?
#TEXT   25
I won. Not the brightest page in my biography, but I did what I had to do. First, we built; then, we defended. Tomorrow, we celebrate. Is it enough to call this place home?
#TEXT   26
What a celebration... So warm, homely, and sincere. Perhaps, for the sake of all this, it was worth investing in such a hopeless place. My business here is nearly finished—I just need to visit the surviving Spanish captain, decide his fate, and then set sail for the wider world. Everything will be fine on Isla Mona now.
#TEXT   27
The matter with the Spanish captain is settled. It wasn't the most humane choice, but we've all sacrificed too much for this island to risk its discovery. My apologies, de Alba.
#TEXT   28
The matter with the Spanish captain is settled. I hope I won't come to regret my decision, but I trust that this honorable man will keep his word. I'll put him ashore on the deserted beach near the Santiago lighthouse.
#TEXT   29
The Grandee de Alba has been saved, and I've gained a powerful ally. Although, perhaps that's just wishful thinking on my part.

#QUEST HelenDrinking
Rumba
#TEXT 1
It seems I'm in for an extraordinary adventure, with a charming lady at the center of it all. Before I set sail for Cartagena, it's only proper to meet her and introduce myself—she did ask me to pay her a visit, after all.
#TEXT 2
Oh, how right my brother was about the local ladies! Rumba truly knows how to celebrate, and she is an extraordinary young woman—mature beyond her years and a born sailor, far superior to me. Despite her openness last night, I couldn't shake the feeling that complex and conflicting emotions weighed on her throughout the evening. That's only natural, given all she's recently endured.
Honestly, I'm already quite taken with her, though I'm not sure if her feelings match mine, or if such feelings are even proper.
#TEXT 3
I wonder why Svenson entrusted his precious Rumba to me. It would have been safer to keep her at his home, or better yet, locked inside the fort at Blueweld. The sea holds many dangers, and giving her to a stranger like me seems an unnecessary risk.
Either Svenson knows more than he's letting on, or Elen herself requested this. In any case, she and I have a significant task ahead, and it makes sense to establish at least a working relationship. I'll take her to Isla Tesoro and show her the inheritance. It's risky, but I hope it will break the ice between us.
#TEXT 4
It was a foolish idea. I seem to have forgotten how to court women entirely: Helen clearly wasn't fond of Isla Tesoro, and the cold, empty mansion belonging to her "uncle," with a pile of bodies at the doorstep, certainly didn't improve her mood.
Nevertheless, the endeavor did yield some results. I realized that Miss Sharp is burdened by the unexpected inheritance she received, and she is still mourning the recent tragic loss of her ship and crew.
Helen is searching for her place in this world, troubled by the loss of control over her own fate. She’s especially unsettled by the fact that she’s become a pawn in the hands of the powerful—myself included, haha. No one asked her opinion, just as no one asked mine back in Saint-Pierre on October 1, 1654.
I truly want to help her.
#TEXT 5
The hero's return from the Isle of Justice will be remembered for a long time. I must confess, I was caught up in the whirlwind of events and intrigues on that strange island—so much so that I completely forgot about Helen. But she hasn't forgotten me.
Her unexpected, awkward, yet sincere and genuine kiss caught me completely off guard and shattered the haughty demeanor of Daniel—a man who thought he'd seen it all.
What a wonderful girl! Damn it, how delightful it is to have someone waiting for me at home!
@<sMary>
#TEXT 6
I will never tire of saying that Helen is a true marvel. Just when I was about to explode and vent all my accumulated frustration at the Brotherhood, she—first among this merry band of pirates—offered her help. Real help, not just kind words, but cold, hard coin.
I understand that her fate is also being decided at this very moment, but I am pleased nonetheless.
We're heading to San Juan del Norte. Somewhere nearby is the cave where Helen has stashed the "borrowed" goods from Svenson. Clever, to say the least. Bravo, Miss Sharp!
#TEXT 7
As usual, trouble finds me at the worst possible moment. My romantic escapades in Paris have finally caught up with me, biting me in the backside at the very edge of the world. Poor Lulu—I can't say how much her death is my fault, but at least I personally sent her husband to hell, the very man she always despised. A nobleman's honor left me with no other choice.
It's a shame that Helen clearly isn't impressed by my actions.
#TEXT 7N
As usual, trouble finds me at the worst possible moment! My romantic escapades in Paris have finally caught up with me, biting me right in the backside here at the edge of the world. Poor Lulu—I can't say how much of her death weighs on my conscience, but at least her wretched husband met a fitting end. And what an end it was! Helen Sharp, the sea wolf herself, sent the bastard to the grave. Then she gave a speech that made all his sycophants bury their heads in the sand. Even my crew was impressed.
#TEXT 8
The pirate saga is nearing its end, and the princess has already chosen her prince—at least, that's what Miss Sharp made clear to me. Bravo, Charles! Soon, everything will be settled.
#TEXT 9
Our pirate saga is nearing its end, but there will be no wedding to conclude it. Helen has made it clear that our union is only temporary. My feelings for her have cooled somewhat as well. But am I truly being honest with myself? After all, our night in Blueweld will stay with me forever. Could things have turned out differently? Deep down, I know the answer: yes, they could have.
#TEXT 9A
The pirate saga is drawing to a close, and the princess has already chosen her prince. At the very least, Miss Sharp made that much clear to me.
Why didn't I pursue her? It's the first time in my life I've turned down a clear offer from an alluring woman. Is age finally catching up with me? Perhaps it's just fatigue—after all, this business will be settled soon enough.
#TEXT 9B
The pirate saga is drawing to a close, and the princess has already chosen her prince—at least, that's what Miss Sharp made clear to me.
Why didn't I follow her? For the first time, I've turned down an unmistakable offer from a beautiful woman. Yes, I love Mary Casper, but I've never let such "trivial matters" deter me before. Is this a sign of growing old?
I'm so sorry, Helen. You've chosen the wrong prince.
#TEXT 10
The pirate saga is nearing its end, and the princess has already chosen her prince. At least Miss Sharp made that much clear to me. Bravo, Charles!
Rumba, in her own passionate yet somewhat clumsy way, decided not to wait until marriage. It's as if this difficult year, so hard on both of us, vanished in an instant; Helen is once again the cheerful girl she was during our unforgettable party night in Blueweld. Soon, everything will be resolved, and I look forward to it.

#QUEST ChickenGod
Vile Little God
#TEXT 1
Something happened today so absurd, I can't shake the feeling it was staged. I stopped by the Panama brothel on business, but soon found myself drinking and gambling with an actual Indian chief. He spoke excellent English, was educated in Europe, dressed like a gentleman, and had even rented out the entire brothel for his own use for a month! Even in this mad world, there are limits to madness—and right now, I feel like the butt of some fool's joke.
Agueybana rambled on about gods and wish-fulfillment, and by the end of our drink, he handed me a pile of adder stones. He told me to seek out a temple on the mainland. Supposedly, the temple can be opened by bringing one hundred and thirteen of these stones to its doors.
It's nonsense, of course, but the native didn't seem like a man prone to foolish jokes—more likely, someone played a very cruel trick on him. Why not investigate?
#TEXT 2
I wonder if this is the temple Agueybana mentioned. I'll need to gather enough stones to be sure. It sounds foolish, of course... As long as the crew doesn't catch on to what I'm really doing here!
#TEXT 3
The damned bag burst open, and the adder stones scattered down the steps to the ground! The scene must have looked comical, as I could clearly hear laughter coming from the pyramid. I'm going in to say hello.
#TEXT 4
My collection of adder stones has vanished—and in the most peculiar way!
The bag burst open right on the steps of an abandoned pyramid on the mainland. The scene must have been comical, as I could clearly hear laughter coming from inside the pyramid. I'm going in to say hello.
#TEXT 5
The mishap at the brothel no longer seems amusing, and Agueybana's tale is truly terrifying. The pyramid is indeed inhabited by someone called Aruba, whom the Indians apparently worship as one of their pagan gods, while good Christians see him as a common devil.
In any case, Aruba has offered me a deal—if I pay him two thousand gold doubloons, he'll take me seriously, and some remarkable rewards should follow. This approach is nothing new; it's much like dealing with the Church, though the size of the initial fee is rather disheartening.
I've also been given four minor tasks, which I can complete in any order—or ignore entirely. Perhaps I should tackle these first to decide whether it's worth getting involved at all.
#TEXT 5.1
All hail! Despite all the loud proclamations, heresy still thrives in the wilds. It turns out that a certain Aruba has taken up residence in the pyramid. The Indians seem to regard him as one of their pagan gods, while good Christians see him as a common devil.
Aruba has offered me a deal: pay him two thousand gold doubloons to prove I’m worth his attention, and then he promises some remarkable rewards. This sort of arrangement is nothing new—much like dealing with the Church—though the size of the initial fee is rather disheartening.
I've also been given four minor tasks, which I can tackle in any order—or ignore altogether. Perhaps I should start with these to see if it's worth getting involved at all.
#TEXT 6
The doubloons are paid, and in return I received a clay figurine of the Taíno people from Aruba. It's a useful item, though its value certainly pales in comparison to the mountain of gold I just handed over for it. Now I must collect 15 mangarosa plants—a troublesome endeavor!
#TEXT 7
Aruba received the herbs he requested, and in return, he rewarded me with a fine set of arms. Now he wants me to bring him an entire ship—not just any vessel, but one with a storied past. I don't see a pier nearby, so I wonder where he intends to keep her.
#TEXT 8
I should have expected something like this! A ship wasn't enough—now Aruba demands not only more gold, but blood as well. I can probably muster three thousand doubloons, but a blood sacrifice is no trivial matter. I have an important decision to make, and I must decide for myself: is the promised power truly worth the price?
#TEXT 9
I did it. The price has been paid, and if the Church is right, hell awaits me. Somehow, that doesn't frighten me. It's a strange but fitting feeling... In any case, Aruba demands one more sacrifice—or twenty-five thousand doubloons.
There's no turning back now—I can either stop here or see this through to the end.
#TEXT 10
The deed is done. Aruba is finally leaving the pyramid where he apparently locked himself away. I should probably find a parting gift for him—it would be very much in keeping with the spirit of this strange creature.

#QUEST Tonzag
Deadman
#TEXT 1
I hope this isn't some scheme orchestrated by Levasseur! If he's managed to outwit me, the entire operation is doomed—a year's worth of preparations wasted, and I'm finished.
#TEXT 2
Hercule is gravely injured! Could this entire arrest be a smokescreen for an assassination attempt? I must act quickly and escape before it's too late.
#TEXT 3.1
It seems there's no easy escape for Hercule. I was partly right—the arrest is indeed connected to my dealings in Tortuga, but the true aim wasn't to sabotage my operation; it was to remove a particular member of my crew. Fortunately, the commandant is on our side and has agreed to help Hercule and arrange my release. He did seem uncertain about helping Hercule, though, so if Hercule survives, we'll have words. For now, it's best to leave Tortuga and postpone our plans.
#TEXT 3.2
It seems there's no easy escape for Hercule. I was partly right—the arrest is indeed connected to my dealings in Tortuga, but the true aim wasn't to disrupt my operation; it was to eliminate a particular member of my crew. Fortunately, the commandant is on our side; he agreed to help Hercule and secure my release. He did seem hesitant about helping Hercule, though, so if Hercule survives, we'll have a word. For now, it's time to leave Tortuga and postpone our plans.
The commandant revealed some crucial information about the assassination attempt: it seems the conspirators are somewhere on the mainland. Given the careful planning involved, this must be the work of a highly organized group. This all feels strangely familiar...
#TEXT 3.3
Could this arrest be connected to de Poincy's political maneuvering against Levasseur? I'm still in the dark about my next steps. Clearly, the Huguenot himself isn't responsible for our recent troubles—at least not at this point. Thank heavens for French corruption; the commandant has agreed to dismiss the charges in exchange for a modest contribution to the Tortuga garrison. Off to the bank I go.
#TEXT 4
I've left the prison behind, narrowly escaping a dire fate! I swear, there won't be a third time—I'd sooner end it myself. We can't afford to waste any more time; we must help Hercule and then face the greater threat.
#TEXT 5
I was too optimistic. We've been ambushed by an unknown enemy—one highly skilled and cunning in their tactics. We have no choice but to fight and survive.
#TEXT 6
Bloody, but victorious! Hercule returned to life at a crucial moment and even managed to turn my cabin into a gruesome display, adorned with the lifeless bodies of the masked assailants who dared to board our ship. After our conversation, things have become somewhat clearer: he is being hunted by his former employer, known as the League—a military division of the Dutch West India Company's intelligence department, which also has ties to the 'secret organization' I once worked for.
Frankly, his story doesn't quite add up; it's hard to believe any organization would go to such lengths to avenge a single man. Still, we have little choice but to inflict enough damage on them that their pursuit becomes untenable, forcing them to abandon their quest for revenge. I hope this will be enough—the last thing I need right now is another enemy.
#TEXT 7
Today has been a harrowing day, marked by a sea of corpses. I'm beginning to see a pattern here: wherever Hercule and I go, a tidal wave of blood follows. These men slaughtered a hundred innocent souls. For what? To protect their gold? To send a message?
What's even more unsettling is that, for once, this bloodshed isn't solely my doing. It flows because of one man, whose dead eyes have begun to unnerve me. The most chilling part is that he's part of my crew, and that can only mean one thing: I have some agonizing choices ahead.
#TEXT 7.1
Another conversation with Tonzag—this one was even more difficult than the last. He’s been evasive with me from the beginning, and I doubt he’s told me the whole truth even now.
Tonzag didn't just try to leave the League; he betrayed them in cold blood and with violence. From what I've learned today, the Los Teques mine is not the bloodiest chapter in the history of this man with the disfigured, lifeless face.
As I suspected, I'm faced with a monumental decision: end this affair in Caracas, risking further bloodshed, or walk away, knowing I could be betrayed at the worst possible moment. I believe I have a month to make my choice; after that, the League will likely leave Caracas.
My past victories over the Dutch and English are catching up with me. It's time to face the consequences.
#TEXT 8
Tonzag is dead. He wished for it, and I couldn't bring myself to deny him. The expected bloodshed never came; only he met his end today, and truth be told, he'd been dead inside for a long time. Or perhaps it's just easier for me to think that way.
Hercule Tonzag, the living dead and my most trusted vanguard—may you find peace and redemption. Farewell, my friend.
#TEXT 9
Austin was a true monstrosity, like something out of a dark fairy tale—the kind with unhappy endings. People of Caracas, I am truly sorry.
I mourn the unfortunate souls who perished in the church. Yet, I find some solace in knowing this tragic chapter has finally ended, allowing me to continue my own journey. I cannot help but feel a spark of joy at seeing the faint glimmer of life return to the eyes of my most loyal vanguard.
One monster vanquished an even greater monster. Is that a good thing? I cannot say for sure. Nevertheless, it warms my heart to know that today, my monster prevailed.
#QUEST MoneyOnTrees
Money On Trees
#TEXT   1
Forty gold pieces make up the yearly wage of a European office clerk, yet I can earn that sum in just a few days simply by escorting a merchant ship to the very destination I was already bound for. A more daring soul might see this as a chance to fleece the merchant for even greater profit, but such methods go against my principles. Perhaps Michel is right—money truly does seem to grow on trees here.
#TEXT   2
Today, I discovered something unsettling and new about myself: it seems I possess the capacity for piracy. It didn't take long for me to set sail on this path. I doubt my brother would approve, but in the end, the money will serve a noble cause. As long as the crew keeps quiet...
#TEXT   3
It seems money doesn't simply grow on trees after all. Bravo, Charles, for bungling such a straightforward task! Barbier has departed, and I'm certain he'll spread word of my failure.
#TEXT   4
The task is complete. I've received the doubloons, and that's enough. Barbier's misfortune is a good reminder that no one can claim all the riches in the world.
#TEXT   5
Mission accomplished. I have an opportunity to earn more, and I shall seize it. But before seeking out the smugglers in the tavern, I should first check on Michel.

#QUEST TravlyaKrys
Rat Problem
#TEXT   1
On behalf of the Governor of Martinique, I must engage a pirate lugger near Le François. I know these waters well. Two or three broadsides of grapeshot, then a boarding maneuver—I'm starting to get the hang of this.
#TEXT   2
I failed to capture the pirate. St. Pierre will have to do without its spectacle. But I survived and prevailed—isn't that what truly matters? Now it's time to claim my reward from the Governor.
#TEXT   3
Victory! The pirate tried to escape his grim fate, but I stood my ground. Time to collect my reward from the Governor.
#TEXT   4
Victory! The pirate tried to bargain for his life, and I agreed. After all, I fulfilled my duty effectively.
I'll visit the Governor to collect my reward later. My current priority is to hunt down the Henry, an English barque sailing from Martinique to Curaçao.
The English may not be our enemies, but they're hardly our friends, are they?
#TEXT   5
I've lost the Henry. There's probably a lesson in this, but I'm not in the mood for reflection. Off to see the governor of Martinique, then.
#TEXT   6
I sank the Henry. Many lives were lost today, all for nothing. There's probably a lesson in this, but I'm in no mood for soul-searching. Off to the Governor of Martinique, then.
#TEXT   7
Another victory, yet it's tainted by the realization of the morally ambiguous path I'm treading. I pray the English remain unaware of today's events. My wealth hasn't grown much since yesterday, and I doubt I'll find restful sleep in the nights ahead.
It's time to visit the Governor of Martinique and collect my rightful share of the reward. Afterward, I'll set sail for Curaçao to sell the contraband—I've heard the merchants there pay handsomely for colonial goods.

#QUEST DTSG
Long Shadows of Old Sins
#TEXT   1
Why do these kinds of coincidences always happen to me? Just as Charlie and I were looking to wet our whistles and escape the heat of the road, we were attacked in the tavern. The most curious part was that the troublemaker's attention wasn't on me at all, but on Charlie.
I understand that he's as much a living soul as anyone else, someone who can be liked or disliked by others. Still, this is the first time I can recall someone targeting one of my crew instead of me. I should try to find the lock that matches the key I found in that scoundrel's pocket.
#TEXT   2
A drunken brawl in a tavern is hardly unusual. But this time, things were far from ordinary. After Charlie handled the scoundrel, he found a key in the man's pocket. Remembering the innkeeper's remark that the fellow had recently moved near the tavern, we decided to search for his house, suspecting the key belonged to it. As it turned out, the situation became even more intriguing.
The hut was open, and the key fit a locked chest. Inside, I found some money—not much by itself, but a fair sum for someone dressed like a common drunkard. Alongside the coins, there was a burnt letter in the chest. Sadly, nothing could be made out from it—neither the contents nor the intended recipient. Was this just a meaningless coincidence, or is another storm brewing on the horizon?
#TEXT   3
What a thing—to challenge someone to a duel, then ask another to fight in your stead. A bold move, to say the least. Is there any honor in such a "matter of honor"? A man named Peter Adams approached me with just such a request.
It turns out that in broad daylight, right in front of Peter and his neighbors, a local drunk named Ralph Faggle harassed his wife, Jane. Peter had no choice but to challenge him to a duel. However, he's unable to fight due to a recent fever. If not for the lady's honor, I would have surely refused. But before I could even respond, Charlie made the decision for me, since Adams mentioned that Ralph once served in the English Royal Navy under the legendary Admiral Blake.
Now I must fight a duel on Peter's behalf in a few hours, just outside the city. I don't mind helping those in need who deserve it, but I need to have a serious word with Charlie afterward to ensure he never makes decisions for me again.
#TEXT   4
Today, a man who once served in the English Royal Navy asked for my help. Peter Adams claims he once sailed with Admiral Blake, a hero of the English Revolution and the "liberator" of Jamaica from Spanish rule.
Recently, Adams has faced one misfortune after another—first struck by a severe fever, and then, while still recovering, he witnessed a local named Ralph Faggle harass his wife Jane right in front of him and their neighbors. This drove Peter to challenge Ralph to a duel, despite his weakened state. Though the whole affair seems a bit suspicious, I agreed to help, as there's always a chance someone truly needs aid rather than being a charlatan. Adams' wife confirmed every word, though she clearly didn't expect to see us at her home. There are still about two hours left until the duel, which will take place just outside the city gates.
Old Charlie "wouldn't stoop so low," eh? It's so easy to provoke the man. He's lived so many years and still doesn't understand there's nothing dishonorable about a bit of caution. My instincts tell me it wouldn't hurt to speak with the neighbors if time allows—perhaps they'll have a different take on what happened. Still, I don't think it's truly necessary. This isn't my first duel, and I'm certain it won't be my last, even if Ralph tries to cheat.
#TEXT   5
The neighbors are as useless as ever. My good neighbor, Ralph Faggle, shared some interesting information. He's a mercenary, just like Peter Adams. Their target wasn't me, but Charlie. I figured this out from the letter I found on Adams' body—it described Charlie in great detail. And Charlie's house had money, just like that tavern incident a month ago.
I had to press Charlie a bit to get him to share his thoughts. He once borrowed money from a moneylender in St. John's with no intention of repaying it—not out of spite, but because Richard Fleetwood promised to settle the debt for him. Could it be that Fleetwood left the Caribbean without keeping his word? That's what we need to find out now.
#TEXT   6
I've heard tales of moneylenders sending bounty hunters after runaway debtors, but this case is beyond the pale. For the second time in a row, men have come hunting Charlie—we kill them, then later find letters and chests of gold in their homes. This time, though, the letter was intact and described Charlie's appearance in great detail. Who attacked him this time? The honorable gentleman Peter Adams! And Ralph Faggle turned out to be his accomplice.
Charlie suspects this is revenge from the moneylender in St. John's—he borrowed money from him some time ago. Richard Fleetwood promised to repay the unlucky cannoneer's debt, but apparently never did. Typical...
#TEXT   7
We're approaching St. John's. Considering the lengths the moneylender has gone to in order to punish Charlie for his debts, we'll need to move through the city with great caution.
#TEXT   8
If mercenaries and bounty hunters fail, there's always the option to handle matters by the book. As soon as we docked at the port of St. John's, we received a warm welcome—and Charlie was promptly arrested. I didn't make things harder for either of us and allowed the soldiers to take him. At least they didn't try to seize me as well, so I still have a chance to set things right. I must hurry and pay a courtesy visit to the moneylender, in case they intend to hang Charlie.
#TEXT   9
It's remarkable how moneylenders can be so ruthless and merciless with their debtors, squeezing them dry, yet cower in fear at the slightest threat to themselves, like a dog on a cold night. Although this moneylender wasn't involved in Charlie's troubles and Fleetwood did repay his debt, neither of them comes out looking honorable. The moment I applied a bit of pressure, he called for the guards, forcing me to start a bloody fight right in the bank. Now I'll need to post bail for Charlie at the prison commandant’s office.
#TEXT   10
Whoever Charlie crossed paths with, they got to him—right there in the St. John's jail. There's no point in spinning theories or digging any deeper; it won't bring Knipple back from the dead. Perhaps I shouldn't have let Charlie be arrested in the first place, but after everything that's happened these past months, I suspect this mysterious figure—who clearly has English lawmen in their pocket—would have gotten what they wanted one way or another.
#TEXT   11
I've found answers to two questions, but things haven't gotten any simpler. First—Fleetwood did repay Charlie's debt before leaving the Caribbean, so the moneylender didn't send any bounty hunters after him. Now, I must answer to the commandant and either post bail for Charlie or bribe him. Either way, it'll come out of my own purse.
#TEXT   12
I met a member of the famous Sea Foxes, a marine from the British Navy. In my professional opinion, they're a bit overrated and not much different in battle from the mercenaries we've faced before. I had to break Charlie out of jail by force, barely reaching his cell before that Sea Fox could send him to the afterlife. "Best regards from the Sussex"... What could that mean? I think Charlie knows something—there was more sadness than surprise in his eyes when he heard that name. We'll have a proper talk once we're out of here.
#TEXT   13
We arrived in St. John's under cover of darkness, which is likely for the best. If our meeting with the moneylender goes awry during the day, he could summon the guards, and we'd be surrounded by the island's entire garrison within minutes. The trouble is, the bank is closed at night, and Charlie doesn't know exactly where the owner lives these days. Wandering the streets at random is out of the question—we'd risk waking folk, causing alarm, and drawing unwanted attention. It would be wise to find someone who knows the city inside and out, yet wouldn't suspect anything odd about our inquiry. Especially at this hour.
#TEXT   14
God bless the drunkards of the Caribbean! In any tavern, day or night, you'll find some poor soul deep in his cups. Sit with him, buy a round or two, call him your friend, and soon his loose tongue will be entirely at our service.
Fleetwood's death might be a terrible coincidence, with his enemies being mine, and Charlie's being his. I decided not to ask the innkeeper where the moneylender lives. It's pointless during the day, as the bank is open, and asking at night would only arouse suspicion. Instead, the so-called knight of rum and wine told me that the banker is currently residing in Fleetwood's former house. Funny.
#TEXT   15
Fleetwood may not have been as terrible a man as Charlie made him out to be when we read Richard's farewell letter. The moneylender confirmed that Fleetwood kept his word and paid off all of Charlie's debts in full. Naturally, when I showed up at his house, he was a bit... unsettled, as anyone in his position would be, but I managed to calm him and avoid any unnecessary commotion. It seems our worries were unfounded—no one is hunting Charlie here, in this colony that is so familiar and almost dear to him. We can safely return to the ship and consider our next move.
#TEXT   16
This is no longer just a tangled web—it's a deep and damn dirty quagmire. Charlie, who once served in the Royal Navy and is generally a decent fellow, is now being hunted by his own countrymen. As soon as we left the banker's house, we were confronted by soldiers led by a marine—a Sea Fox—who delivered Charlie "best regards from the Sussex." But despite the message, it wasn't a meeting with the Sussex that awaited us, nor an arrest, but an execution without trial or investigation. Charlie and I need to have a serious talk.
#TEXT   17
I summoned Charlie to my cabin, and he told me the story of the Sussex. As soon as we finished talking, the men burst in and reported that a light warship was approaching—flying English colors. It's... the Mirage. How is this even possible?
#TEXT   18
Some believe their titles and positions will always protect them. They're mistaken! The strong prey upon the weak. I taught this harsh, yet well-deserved, lesson to Colonel Thomas Lynch—the man behind all those attacks. He achieved much: burned the Sussex using Fleetwood’s hands, rebuilt the Mirage by obtaining the original blueprints, and eliminated nearly all witnesses, including Fleetwood himself.
However, his luck ran out with me. Every attempt to kill Charlie broke like waves against an unyielding rock—the very kind my father always wanted me to become. Lynch smugly claimed I couldn't touch him, or the entire English fleet would be on my tail. Fine. I never laid a finger on him as he sailed out the window of his own cabin. I hope this is the last lesson I’ll need to teach him. In any case, he’ll remember it for a long time. And even if the colonel never lets it go, the fleet will eventually lose interest in us. Then, we can enjoy our freedom once more.
#TEXT   19
Life isn't a fairytale, and you can't always save everyone. But today, I managed it. The attacker was Colonel Thomas Lynch—he was behind everything from the very start. He orchestrated the destruction of the Sussex using Fleetwood, then eliminated Fleetwood himself as an inconvenient witness. Later, he ordered the attacks on us and Charlie. He even sought out the blueprints for the Mirage and improved upon the original design. What a cunning and resourceful man!
This time, he came for Charlie himself, and once again got what he wanted—at least in a manner of speaking. I managed to persuade the colonel to find a similar body and present it to his colleagues as Charlie, since they demanded proof of death. Fortunately, he agreed, though it cost me a monumental bribe. I paid another million, knowing that killing Lynch would have brought England's wrath down upon us. I acted as any true captain should—protecting myself and my crew. Let's hope the colonel can deceive his colleagues. I am confident he will.
#TEXT   20
A warship, new, improved, with the flaws of its predecessor corrected... A prize to betray for. Charlie's nemesis had a name. Thomas Lynch - a colonel who previously gave Fleetwood the task of eliminating the Sussex and then decided to eliminate Fleetwood and all the witnesses of that mission. Lynch also managed to obtain the Dutch plans and build his own ketch. My ketch. And no, I didn't kill Lynch - he clearly let me know that if it happened, the English would continue to hunt us to the bitter end. For them, it was a real victory - I handed them Charlie to make it all stop. The prospect of fending off English military intelligence until old age or facing the gallows doesn't suit me. I am sorry, Charlie...
#TEXT   21
As they say, if you want to make God laugh, tell him your plans. But there are men who can account for nearly every possible outcome. Colonel Thomas Lynch is one such man—the very one who tasked Fleetwood with eliminating the Sussex, and later disposed of Richard himself. Lynch had previously secured the original plans for the Mirage, which English shipwrights then perfected, and we faced the fruits of their labor. I decided it was too dangerous to keep such a man as an enemy, so I handed Charlie over to the colonel. He didn't deserve to die. But neither did I. At least now I can claim the promised reward from Lynch—in Port Royal, at the moneylender's. A pile of gold with the scent of silver.
#TEXT   22
The English ship "Chimera," which outwardly resembled the "Mirage," has sunk to the bottom. I have a strange feeling it was the captain of the Chimera who orchestrated the recent attack on Charlie. Now Charlie can breathe easy, but we'll never know the true reason behind the hunt.

#QUEST PZ
Extinguished Star
#TEXT   1
Usually, my officers request either a raise or permanent leave out of frustration with life at sea. But today, of all people, Longway asked for leave. Thankfully, not a permanent one. Unfortunately, he didn't give a reason—only mentioning an old promise and an oath he couldn't discuss. Of course, I let him go—after all, I too am bound to the Archipelago by a promise. A vow to help my brother, who was taken from me by our father. We agreed to meet in Basse-Terre in a month's time. Once Longway has finished his business, he'll wait for me there for another week or so.
#TEXT   2
What was I thinking? Just a few days ago, Longway wanted to leave my ship, and I wouldn't let him. Now he's run off, leaving a sorrowful farewell letter in my quarters. I got angry because he wouldn't tell me where he was going or why. Perhaps things would have turned out differently if I'd offered my help without pressing him for answers—then I might have learned everything along the way. I must treat my men better, especially those who are the best and most honorable among them. I hope he completes his mission, and that I see him again one day.
#TEXT   3
It didn't take me long to find Longway. He's already become something of a legend around here—the tavern drunks are all talking about his skill with a blade. When the guards questioned him about his business in the city, he slaughtered them—first in the streets, then in the jungle, where he turned a cave into a fortress and held it against the commandant's soldiers. What in blazes are you doing, Longway? Looks like I'll have to have a stern word with the commandant if I want them to stop hunting him. But what if he's fighting off another squad even now...?
#TEXT   4
Damn it! I was hauled before that pompous commandant when I should have run straight to the cave. I tried to smooth things over and secure a safe retreat for both myself and Longway. Instead, I ended up arrested and Longway was killed. At least I'm free again, but I'll never know what oath Longway swore, or to whom. Nor will I ever learn what he needed those pages from van Merden's archives for. He tore them out and kept them with him until the end.
#TEXT   5
My worst fears were realized—a conversation with the commandant led only to threats and the promise of death. He was furious that he couldn't catch Longway, and when I revealed I was his friend, he turned his anger on me. Our discussion reached an impasse, and he decided to have me arrested. Bad luck for him.
I must hurry to the cave as quickly as possible, before the entire island is up in arms over the failed negotiations.
#TEXT   6
I was forced to leave Guadeloupe. As much as I regret abandoning Longway, the lives of my crew, the safety of the ship, and my own survival had to come first. I had no choice but to leave him to his fate. I am sorry.
#TEXT   7
What was I thinking?! I should have rushed into the jungle to rescue Longway as soon as possible. The commandant wasted no time sending another unit after our quarrel—maybe even more than one. But instead, I panicked and ran back to the ship, moving her to another bay, even though she was already in a safe place. It wasn't until we hoisted the sails and turned about that I realized what I'd done. It's too late to turn back now. Poor Longway... If I'm going to flee, it's time to leave these island waters behind. I'll have to try to forget this day.
#TEXT   8
It's bad enough when someone turns against you because of another's actions... I arrived in Basse-Terre, but Longway was nowhere to be found. I questioned the innkeeper, but he refused to tell me anything, claiming that "yellows" weren't welcome in his establishment. It was a convenient excuse, but I could tell he was hiding something. I decided to continue my search alone, but the soldiers found me first. As soon as I stepped onto the street, I was surrounded and brought before the commandant. When he learned that Longway was my officer, he became immediately hostile. It turned out my loyal navigator had cut down several guards when they tried to question him about his purpose—both in the city and the jungle. I tried to suggest a solution, but the commandant wouldn't listen. I was arrested, which seemed better than being drawn into a fight with the entire city garrison. In the end, Longway was cornered in a cave and didn't survive the battle. Fortunately, the commandant released me immediately afterward. On Longway's body, they found several bloodstained pages from van Merden's archives. I wonder what Longway wanted with them. But now, I'll never know...
#TEXT   9
Why, why didn't you accept my help, Longway? And why did I think I had to do everything myself? I was only a little late, and now you're dead. When I arrived in Basse-Terre, I first thought you had vanished and I'd have to search the whole Archipelago for you. But I didn't have to. The innkeeper either forgot all about it or simply didn't want to talk. But the commandant did—he summoned me to explain. They found crumpled, bloody pages from Johan van Merden's archives on your body. What use are they now? It doesn't matter anymore.
#TEXT   10
My worst fears were realized—a conversation with the commandant ended in bloodshed. He was furious that he couldn't catch Longway, and when I revealed I was his friend, he turned his wrath on me. Our discussion reached a dead end, and he decided to arrest me. Bad luck for him.
I need to get back to the ship and set sail immediately. After what happened, the fort's guns will be trained on me while I search for my poor navigator. I'm so sorry, Longway...
#TEXT   11
Why didn't you listen to me? We've known each other for so long—did you really think I would attack you? Or did you just lose your nerve? When I stepped ahead of the soldiers to speak with Longway and calm both him and the guards, he mistook me for one of them and attacked us. If it had been just the two of us, I might have gotten through to him. But the soldiers had their excuse, and there was no stopping them. I had to kill Longway alongside them. He was carrying the torn, crumpled, and bloody pages from Johan van Merden's archive. So Longway was the one who snatched them right from under my nose all along... Bad news after bad news, damn it. At least the town has no more claims on me, and I can finally leave. I doubt I'll be coming back here for a very long time.
#TEXT   12
I don't even know what went wrong for you, Longway. Was it fatigue? A poor parry? Lack of skill at the last moment? Whatever the cause, when I finally reached you and helped fend off the soldiers, you drew your last breath right then and there. And though the papers in your pockets were hopelessly soaked in blood, I recognized them as torn pages from van Merden's archives. What did you want with them? There's no way of knowing now. It doesn't matter anymore—all I can do now is return to the ship.
#TEXT   13
Even though the soldiers tried to stop us, I managed to get my navigator out of the jungle without causing another massacre. But let's not push our luck—it's time to hoist the sails before anyone on the island changes their mind again.
#TEXT   14
These are mad and bloody times on Guadeloupe. Earlier, Longway turned the island into a bloodbath, slaughtering guards in town and holding them off in a jungle cave. Now it's my turn, fighting side by side with him against two squads of soldiers, one after another. The good news is it's all behind us for now, and we need to get off the island. Any delay could prove fatal.
#TEXT   15
Although Longway was unable to reach the Morning Star on his own, his search was not entirely in vain. The captain of the brig Banten, still lingering in the waters off Guadeloupe, appears to be connected to that mysterious heavy galleon. They docked at the lighthouse, and several crew members went ashore. Was the captain among them? We can't attack the ship right now, as the captain could be hiding in the city. So, we'll head there on foot. Given recent events, the safety of my own ship is also a concern, so it's high time we leave the port and move to Capster Beach.
#TEXT   16
The wind turned against us, and it took so long to secure the ship that we could only watch as the Banten disappeared over the horizon. I don't know how I'll face Longway now...
#TEXT   17
I haven't seen a ship this fast in a long time—not since I sailed under Rodenburg. We reached the lighthouse in time, but unfortunately, our quarry slipped through our fingers. Inside, we found the Commandant and none other than Joep van der Vink, one of the men behind the kidnapping of Longway's sister. Longway was certain he'd killed Joep back in Batavia a decade ago. As I feared, those scoundrels spotted us when we tried to eavesdrop on their conversation. While we fought off the Commandant and van der Vink's men, Joep escaped the island aboard his brig. We must flee as well—but not in pursuit, as we have no idea where the Banten is headed. The Commandant's death won't go unnoticed. Longway is devastated, but I have a feeling we'll cross paths with both the Banten and the Morning Star again. There's little point in searching for them now—they'll be lying low for a while. For now, I'll turn my attention to other business until I hear word of them again.
#TEXT   18
If Longway were in my shoes, he'd probably say something like, “Accidents aren't random,” quoting one of his Chinese sages. I never imagined that a routine encounter with shipwrecked sailors would put me back on the trail of the Morning Star. They convinced me to take them to Belize, where I learned of the demise of the notorious pirate Matthew Lutter. He was defeated by a merchant—a most unusual tale, especially since it involved a peculiar galleon flying the Spanish flag. It must have been Oliveiro Fermentelos. But since he's no longer in port, I'll seek the commandant's permission to speak with Matt before his execution.
#TEXT   18_1
In Belize, I learned of the demise of the notorious pirate Matthew Lutter. He was defeated by a merchant—a most unusual tale, especially since it involved a peculiar galleon flying the Spanish flag. It must have been Oliveiro Fermentelos. But since he's no longer in port, I'll seek the commandant's permission to speak with Matt before his execution.
#TEXT   19
Sometimes the hunter and prey switch roles. Windbag Matt turned out to be quite talkative—perhaps too talkative. We managed to get into the prison and speak with him before his execution. I wonder if Lutter was always like this, or if his defeat at the hands of Fermentelos drove him mad. He ranted about how the Morning Star fired first on his Seagull and took away "his treasure," now destined for "Him." Ridiculous. Oliveiro is likely heading to Port Royal or Capsterville to sell those strategic goods he was rewarded with for capturing Matt. We could try to intercept him on the high seas, but Longway is strongly against it. He fears sinking the Star and losing any chance of finding his sister. I'll have plenty of time at sea to figure out the best way to approach this.
#TEXT   20
Forgive me, Longway, but I won't risk burying my entire crew, my ship, and myself. You may call me a coward, but I believe it was your recklessness that brought us to this point. We could have intercepted the Star on the open sea, but instead, you chose the roadstead. Longway's risky plan failed, and even under cover of night, the galleon's deck was crawling with men. We had to retreat before we were overrun. Back in the wardroom, we agreed that fighting beneath the fort's guns would be suicide, and I still stand by that. So we left the island's waters. I suggested to Longway that we wait for the Star to set sail again and try to intercept her then, but he refused. Well, I did what I could...
#TEXT   21
I decided not to make Longway nervous, so I refrained from attacking the Morning Star on the open sea. We found her as expected, anchored in the roadstead. Boarding her directly was out of the question. While I weighed our options, Longway proposed a plan: we would anchor our ship in @<sText> and approach the Star in dinghies under cover of night, keeping things as quiet as possible. He insisted on joining the boarding party, which is understandable.
#TEXT   22
I'm not sure I would have dared dig deeper if one of my most trusted officers weren't involved. A new lead takes me to Tortuga, where the governor, Levasseur, is connected to Longway's hated group—Joep van der Vink and Oliveiro Fermentelos. The latter was murdered by the new captain of the Morning Star. Edgardo Sotta, a young Spaniard, had long coveted that heavy galleon. Van der Vink, determined to avenge Oliveiro for a betrayal long ago, conspired with Sotta and a certain “her” who aided them in their plot. They were all deeply concerned that Levasseur might discover their conspiracy. Longway, meanwhile, fears that this mysterious “her” could actually be his sister.
In addition, we discovered Matt Lutter's "treasure"—Mrs. Annabel Lutter, his widow and a mulatto woman who had become a target of Francois, despite his usual lack of interest in dark-skinned women. It appears Matt truly was in Francois's employ. But as soon as Lutter learned of his patron's intentions, he fled Tortuga with his treasure. Sadly, they were never destined for a peaceful life—Sotta's attack on the Seagull was no accident. It was a deliberate strike; Edgardo had received direct orders from Francois to find and deliver Annabel—intact, unharmed, untouched. According to Annabel, Levasseur harbors a depraved appetite for women in every sense. Various women are brought to him, whom he keeps, tortures, and rapes in his secret lair.
It took all my effort to dissuade Longway from launching a full-scale assault on Levasseur in search of information about his sister, knowing François would never reveal anything willingly. I promised Longway I would revisit this matter as soon as we secured Svenson's support.
In the meantime, he asked me to take him to Capsterville so Georges Gravel can gather more leads while we make our preparations.
#TEXT   23
If any planter saw me now, they'd probably laugh themselves silly—a gentleman running errands for his yellow-skinned servant! But in all seriousness, Longway didn't dare visit Gravel himself, so he asked me to do it. Remembering his stories, I decided to keep up the bluff he'd started and told Georges that Van Merden needed him again. Worked like a charm. Now we just need the necessary support for a heart-to-heart with Levasseur.
#TEXT   24
I've heard that some governors forbid their commandants and other high-ranking officers from handling cases involving their own friends or relatives. Whether that's right or wrong is always up for debate, I suppose. In our case, my "high-ranking officer," Longway, was trying to save his sister, and I, as his "lord" captain, failed to protect him. When we confronted Fermentelos's men aboard his galleon, they were already well-prepared, even under cover of night, and we were heavily outnumbered. No matter how skilled Longway was, a pack of hyenas can always bring down a lion—and that's what happened to my navigator. Without him, I have no reason to risk the lives of the rest of my crew. After more than a decade, his unfortunate sister is likely long gone from this world anyway... What a sad ending.
#TEXT   25
I always knew this day would come. Sooner or later, we’d have to face him—but I thought it would be on my own terms. Now, everything has changed. I can’t wait any longer; I must act with whatever resources we have, because my beloved’s safety is at stake. As far as I know, there’s only one wealthy and powerful Huguenot in the Archipelago who can afford to hire mercenaries—Francois Levasseur. His men tried to kidnap my beloved, but together we managed to fight them off. Longway will probably be overjoyed that we’re finally back on the case. I just hope Georges Gravel has found something useful for us in the meantime.
#TEXT   26
There's nothing here :(
#TEXT   27
Tortuga's shores are just ahead. I can't linger in Levasseur's domain for too long—after that attack, anything could happen. I need to find out about Longway's sister as soon as possible and return to the open sea, where I'll feel safer with my beloved aboard.
#TEXT   28
Usually, I gather information from the innkeeper or the drunks. But it seems Levasseur once had a serious talk with the tavernkeeper, making it clear what he could and couldn't share with strangers. The first passerby I spoke to didn't know Joep personally, but had seen him around town with his friend, Rober Martene. Martene recently returned to the island and is urgently repairing his ship, the galleon Voltigeur, after a fierce storm.
#TEXT   29
This is it! The long-awaited denouement is finally at hand. The passerby didn't deceive me—Rober Martene was indeed strolling by the bay near the lighthouse while his galleon was being repaired. He isn't the friendliest man in the world, but I don't care; what he shared with me changes everything. It turns out there's another brothel on Tortuga, in that building with the columns. It's a particularly expensive establishment that only accepts payment in doubloons, so not many people know about it. More importantly, the owner is a yellow-skinned woman. Of course, it could be some other Asian woman who somehow ended up here, but we have to be sure. Except... how am I supposed to explain this to @<sText>...
#TEXT   30
All I've managed to learn is that the brothel's owner is indeed Asian. Her name is Belle Etoile, and she plans to move to Port-au-Prince, since business isn't going well under Levasseur's rule. She needs money to start a new establishment on Española, and this mysterious lady intends to borrow it from Marcus Tyrex. I should head to La Vega at once—we might catch her there.
#TEXT   31
I didn't inform my femme fatale of my plans to visit the brothel, which turned out to be a mistake—she learned about it from the crew anyway. I managed to smooth things over, but I should be more careful from now on.
#TEXT   32
Well, it was still worth checking. Anyway, Belle Etoile hasn't seen Tyrex yet—either she hasn't gotten around to it, or she changed her mind. Marcus mentioned that he hasn't visited the brothel himself; it's not easy for a Brotherhood baron to enter Levasseur's territory. Although he envies the fact that I've already been there, he'd love to visit as well and support the mistress financially. Well, now it's off to Port-au-Prince. But how should I approach de Mussac discreetly?
#TEXT   33
I made it back on board just in time to be attacked as soon as I reached my quarters. I've seen this ship before—most recently off the coast of Tortuga. Have they been following us all this time? I need to find out who sent them. Could it be Levasseur?
#TEXT   34
It turned out to be not just a familiar ship, but familiar faces as well! The captain of this frigate was the same peasant who shoved me when I was leaving the brothel a couple of days ago. I had forgotten the incident myself, but he certainly remembered. Unfortunately, the man refused to tell me who he served. No matter. I'm at a point where I can fend off anything they throw at me. @<sText> Off to Port-au-Prince now.
#TEXT   35
We successfully fought off those mysterious attackers. We had to send them to the bottom—they were determined to engage us in a gunnery duel, avoiding boarding at all costs. Unusual. Perhaps their orders were to capture me alive, so they avoided boarding to minimize their losses. It didn't help them in the end.
#TEXT   36
It's good to have a place to weather the storm—both literally and figuratively. I can't believe I'm saying this, but at last, my better half and I have set foot on solid ground after that ordeal, weary and spent. We were greeted by Henri Thibaut, de Mussac's messenger—a well-mannered young man—who escorted us to a house the governor had specially prepared for our arrival, so we might rest. However, His Lordship wishes to see me as soon as possible, and in private. Does he know I'm searching for Chang Xing?
#TEXT   37
That vile snake Henri Thibaut—a scoundrel just like his uncle—deceived me! De Mussac knew nothing of any house, nor of Levasseur's nephew being in town. They took @<sText> with them and boarded that galleon belonging to Rober Martene—and Chang Xing was with them! Fortunately, Longway arrived in town just in time, and we set off in pursuit aboard his ship. Henri, you bastard, you've abducted the love of my life. Just wait—if they've harmed @<sText> in that house or aboard the Voltigeur, I'll raze Tortuga to the ground and leave no stone unturned!
#TEXT   38
Damn it! Oh God, help me. Give me wind in my sails, do anything—just help me make it in time... Robert Martene couldn't withstand the torture when Alonso took over the questioning. Maybe it was a mistake to call him, but I had no better choice. I spotted a lugger not far from the Voltigeur—most likely that bastard Thibaut's vessel. Her sails had already vanished over the horizon, carrying my love away. We'll have to face Levasseur in his lair. I won't have time to search the whole island, so I'll anchor at Fisheye Beach. A direct assault on the fort isn't an option; that bastard would kill her in an instant if I stormed in with guns blazing. We'll have to proceed with caution. Just hold on, please...
#TEXT   39
I owe Longway my life. I never thought a good Christian—though I hope I still am—would take pleasure in what he did to that dog Martene, but I’m not ashamed to admit it. It was worth it, if only because Rober told me everything. My love is on Thibault’s lugger. There’s no way I can catch her at sea, so I’ll have to find her on Tortuga, in Levasseur’s secret lair beneath the city. The entrance is hidden inside a huge barrel at the end of a dead-end passage. Clever, I’ll grant him that. But it won’t save him, or that bastard Henri, or anyone else who stands in my way down there. I have five days to do it. After that... it’ll be too late. I’ve never prayed so hard for a tailwind in my life, and I hope the Lord will fill my sails.
#TEXT   40
Vensan is hardly recognizable now. It seems the shift from life on deck to an office on the island has worn him down over time, leaving him both frustrated and exhausted. Be that as it may, no one has seen Belle Étoile in La Vega—it's likely she sailed straight for Port-au-Prince.
#TEXT   41
If I had any other reliable option, I'd take it. But I don't. My priority is saving @<sText> at all costs, not wasting time on Longway's happy family reunion—he can manage that himself. If anyone else knows where Levasseur tortures his victims, it's likely his wife. I hope she's still in her chambers where I last spoke to her, and that she doesn't raise a citywide alarm or try to escape...
#TEXT   42
Though I worry for @<sText> with all my heart and soul, I know that splitting up now would doom us all. What if Levasseur's lair is perfectly guarded? What if Longway makes a mess of things and massacres the streets of the city as he did on Guadeloupe? I made the hard, but seemingly correct, decision to hurry with Longway to his sister's house first, so we can rush to @<sText>'s rescue together. I hope I can make it in time. God, grant me time and good fortune.
@<sText1>
#TEXT   43
Marceline was certainly surprised to see me after all this time. She thought I'd come seeking revenge for her betrayal. Truth be told, I no longer cared about what happened between us, unpleasant as it was. Still, I couldn't let her know that, so I played the fool to put her at ease. The conversation was tense—she knew how things with Levasseur might end and didn't want to take any chances with her own future. Yet, for all her treachery, she told me what I needed to know: there's a large barrel in one of the dead ends of the city dungeon, marking the start of the passage to François's hideout. Hold on a bit longer, @<sText>—I'm coming...
#TEXT   44
Marceline has told me everything. Of course, she always knew. Her husband's fate matters little to her—she's far more concerned for herself. I doubt she'll remain in Tortuga much longer if I succeed. Still, her troubles are none of my concern; after all, every man is the blacksmith of his own fortune. To forge and secure mine, I must make haste. The passage to Levasseur's lair is hidden beside a massive barrel in one of the dead ends of Tortuga's dungeon.
#TEXT   45
She's dead. I didn't make it in time. The world feels smaller now, as if I've lost half of it. Now I need to find Chang Xing and uncover what truly happened. She was tangled in Levasseur's bloody scheme, and I'll have to decide her fate. And God help Longway if he tries to stand in my way.
#TEXT   46
Why risk saving someone who isn't in immediate danger, or perhaps doesn't even need rescuing? When we arrived in Tortuga, Longway insisted on rescuing his sister first. I convinced him to help me save @<sText> instead. Now, the most important thing is to quickly find the secret passage to the dungeon that Marten told us about.
#TEXT   47
Though I am the captain and Longway serves under me, he is no slave, and I am no plantation owner. We came to Tortuga together, but for different reasons. Now we've parted ways again: Longway has gone to visit his sister, while I must hurry to rescue @<sText>. I only hope I can find the secret passage to Levasseur's lair in time.
#TEXT   48
The former governor of Tortuga, removed from office by my own hand, is now in my hold. I'm sure the Chevalier de Poincy will be delighted with this gift. But at what cost... @<sText>
#TEXT   49
I never thought I'd take such pleasure in watching a man tremble with fear, dreading the terrible fate that awaits him. Perhaps it's not befitting a French nobleman. But this man is Levasseur, who, thanks to my efforts, has lost control of both his island and his destiny. Considering what he's done to my beloved, ensuring justice is the least I can do. And to think—she should be resting in bed after her ordeal, yet she's chosen to come with me to confront Chang Xing. Well, she has every right to witness the end of this story with her own eyes.
#TEXT   50
@<sText> is safe aboard the ship. Her battered face is etched in my memory. As Longway and I set out to meet Chang Xing, my hands tremble with anger. Still, I will hear out my officer's sister. There must be an explanation for everything in this world—including her part in Levasseur's scheme.
#TEXT   51
I sent @<sText> to the ship. She's safe there, and I feel a relief I've never known before. I won't put a bullet in Chang Xing's head the moment I walk through the door—I want to hear what drove her to it first. Then I'll decide her fate. And if Longway tries to interfere, I'll deal with him as well.
#TEXT   52
Sometimes, those we haven't seen in decades can change from bright souls into monsters. Longway learned that today. We found his sister, but there was no trace left of the girl he once knew. When her star faded, so did her humanity. Longway couldn't accept it, and instead of a reunion, it turned into a bloody family quarrel. Now, we face another showdown with Levasseur. The entrance to his lair lies beside a massive barrel hidden in one of Tortuga's dungeon dead ends. God, let @<sText> be all right...
#TEXT   53
Some say you can't choose your family, while others believe family isn't just about blood. Longway spent years searching for Chang Xing, only to discover she had become a terrible person, never making any effort to meet him halfway. It affected him so deeply that he decided to give up on her and put an end to the nightmares plaguing Tortuga. Now, he believes his true family is us. As for my own, I need to report to the Governor-General so he can keep his promise and reunite me with my brother. I only hope my story doesn't end the same way as Longway's.
#TEXT   54
Why is this so hard? Did I truly believe Longway was my friend, not just a fellow officer? Did I hope this mess could be settled without bloodshed? Or am I simply angry that Longway and Mary made the final decision, not me? Whatever the reason, it's done. Perhaps there was always something rotten in Longway. We spoke with his sister—a monster nearly as terrible as Levasseur—and then Longway tried to get rid of us for his ‘real’ family. I wanted to walk away without bloodshed, but Mary, being Mary, couldn't let it go. Now, the two rotten apples are feeding the worms together, just as Longway always wanted. As for Mary and me, the nightmare is over. With any luck, the Chevalier will soon release my brother, and a new, brighter chapter of our lives will begin.
#TEXT   55
It turns out I'm a bad captain—at least, that's what Longway said when we found his sister. We had a heart-to-heart, blaming each other for everything. After all I'd done for him! Things got heated, and we were close to coming to blows when Helen intervened and cooled our tempers. I used to laugh at stories of last-minute forgiveness, but when she suggested we just leave and ignore the reunited family, I felt strangely relieved. I think I'll forget about Longway and his sister soon enough. I don't wish them harm—maybe he'll reignite his extinguished star. But I'm certain that mine and Helen's shine brighter now. Time to leave this dungeon they call Tortuga and report back to Poincy.
#TEXT   56
I need a new navigator and vanguard. Longway has finally reunited with his family, such as it is. After a long talk with Chang Xing, he decided to give up the name Longway and return to his birth name, Chang Tu. He left my crew to stay with his sister and guide her onto a better path. Who am I to stand in the way of such a reunion after all these years? His sister wanted him to get rid of me, or for us to kill each other, but that didn't happen. Longway kept his integrity and humanity. Perhaps he can rekindle her extinguished star. As for me, it's time to report back to Poincy.
#TEXT   57
Wrong place, wrong time. Longway and I finally found his sister, bringing an end to his years of searching and bloodshed. But the moment his quest was over, he decided his service to me was finished as well. I didn't mind letting him go, but I needed his help with Levasseur. Longway refused, saying I could handle it myself. Maybe he meant to encourage me, but I felt betrayed. Something snapped inside me, and I lashed out. Now, @<sText>—I hope I don't lose her today too. Before she died, Chang Xing told me the passage to Levasseur's lair begins near a large barrel hidden in one of Tortuga's dungeon dead ends.
#TEXT 	58
Boldness is a kind of luck, as they say—and often enough, it pays off. But not today. It was a damn inconvenient moment when Longway barged into my tavern room, right after a heated battle with Levasseur's mercenaries, who wanted... @<sText>. Longway had received a letter from Gravel and learned Joep van der Vink's current route. For this, he needed a ship and a crew of mercenaries ready to catch the scoundrel while I gather information on Tortuga. And what did Longway demand? A mere two and a half thousand—doubloons! Doubloons, for God's sake. You could buy and fully outfit a fine brig for fifty thousand pesos. That's exactly what I gave him, though he was terribly displeased. Am I a bad person? No. I have more important matters to attend to—course set for Tortuga.
#TEXT 	59
Pesos may grow on trees, but doubloons certainly do not—or perhaps it's just my luck, always having to hand over fortunes instead of keeping them. I thought nothing could top the time I gave a million pesos to the Chevalier, yet here I am again, parting with an obscene sum—though this time it's only about a quarter of a million. And who demanded it? My first officer, Longway. After reading Georges' letter about Joep van der Vink's possible whereabouts, Longway was eager to split our forces and personally hunt him down. He needed funds for a fully equipped crew of fighting men, ready to sail at once and follow orders without question. Back home, that kind of money would buy a life of comfort, but Longway and his family have suffered enough over the years. Let him have his revenge. After all, you can't take gold and silver to the grave. I must weigh anchor and set course for Tortuga as soon as possible—Levasseur's men attacked @<sText> and me right in our tavern room. Time is running out, and none of us are safe anymore.
#TEXT 	60
The "Meifeng." I should have guessed that Longway wouldn't be able to let her go. When someone in town handed him a letter from Georges Gravel, listing the places Joep van der Vink most often visited, Longway asked me for a ship and a mountain of gold to hire a crew of mercenaries ready to sail at once, no questions asked. Of course, this is madness—but Longway is my loyal friend and comrade, and I can't turn my back on him now... can I?
If "Mei" doesn't work out, perhaps Longway can be appeased with another unique ship. At worst, I can capture or purchase any light warship—a war schooner, brig, corvette, polacre, xebec, or brigantine.
Longway is off to meet with the mercenaries for now. This comes right after Levasseur's men attacked @<sText> and me in the tavern room. What a wild start to the day...

#QUEST BlackMark
Black Mark
#TEXT   1
Today I witnessed a most unusual scene and met an even more unusual man. As I passed the lighthouse of Barbados, I spotted smugglers waiting for a client. They saw me as well and warned me to leave, lest I scare off their buyer. Ironically, their threat served as a warning—had I left right away, I would have missed all the excitement. Just as we began to speak, a patrol arrived, accompanied by a townsman searching for someone among us. Their quarry was Tommy Irons, a marksman who lost his memory during the English Revolution. Irons had bedded that civilian's wife, so the cuckold had gathered a squad of soldiers to hunt him down. I was impressed when Tommy blew the man's head off with a single shot from the lighthouse, so I hired him when he offered his services. He made some rather bold demands, too. His constant boasting and jokes are starting to wear on me, but in the end, it's the talent that matters, isn't it?
#TEXT   2
Five hundred gold pieces. With that kind of money, you could buy—well, just about anything. It's daylight robbery! At the Barbados lighthouse, I met Tommy Irons, a mercenary and skilled marksman who knows his worth—perhaps a bit too well. We agreed he would join my crew for a hefty purse of gold. He'll wait for me in a nearby cave for a few days.
#TEXT   3
I couldn't manage to gather that much money in just a couple of days. Had he asked for pesos, that would have been fine—they practically grow on trees here. But no, monsieur "best shot in the world" wanted only doubloons. No wonder he's still traveling alone with such an attitude and such demands. No regrets.
#TEXT   4
I brought Tommy the gold he wanted, and if he's half as good as he claims, it was a worthwhile investment. I just hope he doesn't get me into any trouble...
#TEXT   5
I've encountered all sorts of strange characters in my time, but Tommy Irons stands out even in this mad world. Once, he asked me for a single paper cartridge outside of town. When I told him I didn't have one on hand and offered to fetch more from the ship, Tommy quit my crew on the spot—making quite a scene as he did. Perhaps he took one too many blows to the head back in England. I hope I never have to deal with men like him again—those who abandon me the moment I can't satisfy their every whim.
#TEXT   6
Am I truly a captain, or do I lack courage? Tommy wrestled with that question before he left my ship. He revealed more about his past—his real past, not the tale he spun when we first met. He sailed with pirates and spoke highly of Jack, his former captain, holding no grudge against him for refusing to help with his revenge. Yet when I wouldn't do the same, he called me weak. People often contradict themselves; I shouldn't be surprised. I won't risk turning England against me over this madman, nor do I regret his departure.
#TEXT   7
Tommy has begun to trust me, and as we walked through the jungle, he shared his life story. It turns out he had known Francis—the civilian he shot from the lighthouse—for a long time. They were comrades-in-arms until Reasley and another man deserted the battlefield and then slandered Tommy. As a result, they had Irons exiled to the quarries of Barbados. When Tommy learned his old enemies were in the Archipelago, he became obsessed with revenge. But Jack, his former pirate captain, refused to help, so Tommy left the crew and set out on his own. The second traitor, Gabriel Callow, continued his military career despite everything. A coward then and now—he usually sails around Jamaica on his ship, the Principio, steering clear of any warship larger than his own and even merchantmen bigger than a barque or barquentine. Tommy may not have told me the whole truth at first, but I'm determined to help him get his revenge. We'll acquire a barque or barquentine, fly a false flag, and lure Gabe into battle.
#TEXT   8
Sometimes I forget what a useful skill it is to play the fool at the right moment—I've rarely had to use it myself. Tommy Irons, however, wasn't as simple as I first thought. He asked for my help and told me the truth about what happened to him, both here and in England. There was no resignation—Irons had been framed by two fellow soldiers, who got him sentenced to hard labor in the quarries of Barbados. When they saw the enemy's superior forces, they fled and then accused Tommy of conspiring with the King's supporters. But fate was kinder than expected: the ship carrying Irons was attacked by pirates, who ended up saving him. That's how Tommy joined their ranks. One day, he learned that the two men who ruined him were here as well. The pirates refused to help, so he left their ship to seek justice on his own. One of those men was Frank Reasley, the lighthouse keeper I met before. The other, Gabriel Callow, stayed in the military, rose to lieutenant, and even became a ship's captain. Gabe settled in Port Royal, but Tommy doesn't know exactly where. I've decided to help him get his justice. Off we go to Portland Cove, Jamaica.
#TEXT   9
It's not as simple as it seemed at first glance. That was my first impression when Tommy shared his story and asked for my help. Now, after speaking with a local drunk about Gabe, my suspicions have only grown stronger. Everyone in town holds Callow in high regard—even Colonel D'Oyley himself speaks well of him. Gabe is known for his honesty and courage in battle, which doesn't match Irons' account. Gabe lives in the house next to the mill, but only goes there to sleep—he's home only from ten at night until six in the morning. Perhaps it would be wise to speak with him directly, rather than just leaving a message and disappearing into the night...
#TEXT   10
Rotten people often convince others otherwise. Even those who seem excellent judges of character—Gabe managed to win the confidence of Colonel D'Oyley himself, who holds him in high regard. I also heard in the tavern that Gabe is reputed to be honest and brave. How ironic. Our so-called brave man lives next to the mill, but he's rarely home—only in the evenings, when all the town's main establishments are closed. All the better; I can slip in and leave a message whenever I please.
#TEXT   11
I've seen plenty of old married couples bicker, and it's often amusing. What I witnessed today reminded me of that. Gabe took the bait, and we managed to board his ship. In the cabin, Tommy joined me to exchange a few words with Callow. Each man told his own version of what happened back in England, accusing the other of every imaginable crime. After that, Tommy and I finished what we'd started. He was grateful I'd helped him get his revenge on Gabe, finally letting go of the resentment that had been eating at him and closing a bitter chapter of his life. Then, in true Tommy fashion, he cracked two jokes at once. First, he said I was no longer just his captain, but a true friend. Second, he handed me... a black spot. But not just any black spot—the very one meant for Gabe. Tommy believes that when he embroidered the Jolly Roger on his old silk scarf, it brought him luck. I hope it brings me the same fortune.
#TEXT   12
Where has it ever been seen that a merchant ship sinks a warship? Yet that's exactly what happened. Who knows what Gabe was planning with his ship—perhaps he meant to wear us down with a long fight, snap a few masts, and cut down our crew before boarding. Or maybe he realized we weren't merchants and decided to send us to the bottom rather than flee. But another of our broadsides struck below the waterline, and that old pink, already barely afloat, finally went under. Tommy burst out laughing at the absurdity of it all, but once he calmed down, he admitted he'd hoped to face Gabe man-to-man, though he was glad it was over. He was so pleased, he even called me a friend. And he gave me a black mark—but not in the usual sense. Tommy swears that when he stitched the Jolly Roger onto his old silk handkerchief, that scrap of cloth started bringing him luck. I hope it does the same for me. It's time to leave Jamaican waters and find a new ship—a barque won't make me rich.
#TEXT 	13
Done. Since Gabe is away from home most of the time, not getting caught was easy. Now, all that's left is to return to Tommy. Let's hope Callow checks his desks and trunks when he gets home instead of going straight to bed, or we might be waiting a while.
#TEXT 	14
Today, I saw the ever-sarcastic Tommy truly smile and laugh with genuine happiness. As we expected, Gabe didn't come to the duel alone—the soldiers were with him. I'm surprised he brought so few, and that Colonel D'Oyley's favorite wasn't given more men. Still, together we dealt with them all. At last, Tommy's long-awaited revenge has come to a successful end. He thanked me for being, and for having been, an excellent captain to him—even better than Jack, whom he'd always admired. He also said I was his first real friend in a long time. He put it roughly, of course; his dignity and pride wouldn't let him say it without a few jokes and barbs. But that didn't matter. After all, he's a simple English laborer and soldier—and now, a loyal comrade.
#TEXT 	15
When I entered Gabe's house, I immediately ran into him—either he's a very light sleeper, or he didn't sleep at all. He doesn't strike me as a sneaky coward, contrary to what Tommy told me. During our conversation, Gabe claimed that Irons wasn't who he said he was, and that Irons was the one who betrayed their company. I don't know who's telling the truth. But I'm not going to stoop to their level, switch sides, or break my word. I started this with Tommy, and I'll finish it with him. Gabe took the message and the black spot from my hands. Back to the cove, then.
#TEXT 	16
There was always something about Tommy that didn't sit right with me. And I was right to speak with Callow. Gabe is indeed an officer of great poise, bravery, and discipline—everything people say about him is true. Colonel D'Oyley is a good judge of character, after all. On that ill-fated day in England, Thomas was the one who fled the battlefield after promising the Ironsides he’d bring reinforcements. They waited, fending off an attack by the King's cavalry, and almost all of them died. How Tommy got his injury remains an open question—if he ever did. I've decided to take Gabriel up on his offer and put Thomas on trial again. But I doubt he'll surrender. So, Callow has gone for reinforcements, and I’m heading back to the cove, where we’ll all meet.
#TEXT 	17
I've had enough of people trying to use me. Tommy, with his years in the army and among pirates, had become an excellent judge of character. He guessed my lateness was due to talking with Gabe. Gabe himself only appeared after I killed the furious Irons—never a moment sooner. Callow claimed he was simply gathering the best men to arrest Tom. Then it became clear: Gabe had just been watching, waiting for us to destroy each other. I told him exactly what I thought of him. It seems Tommy was right all along, because instead of thanking me for ridding him of an old enemy, Callow dismissed my words and set his "best men" on me. Apparently, this was meant to be the end of a story that began back in England—the death of everyone involved: Tommy, Frank, and now Gabe as well.
#TEXT 	18
Are there truly many in this world who would fight to the death over their grandmother's crockery, something they'll never even use? Or for some other unnecessary trinket, simply because it was given by a great man? In this case, the object isn't crockery, but a rapier gifted to Gabe by Colonel D'Oyley. A fine weapon, to be sure, but Callow prefers broadswords, so the rapier merely hung on a nail. He lent it to me for my duel with Tommy, and then demanded it back in the most unpleasant manner... Our conversation led nowhere, and after dealing with Irons, I had to face Gabe as well. I hope I won't encounter any more of this sort of madness today—or any time soon.
#TEXT 	19
Which of those two was telling the truth? I suppose I'll never know. We fought, and I had to deal with him myself, right then and there. Callow arrived just as I was finishing off Irons. Gabe's excuses were feeble, and it became clear I was being used. Tommy may not have been a saint, but killing Callow as well would have made the first death meaningless. Perhaps Gabe deserved to die. The handkerchief Irons turned into a black spot, with a grinning skull and crossbones embroidered on it, will forever remind me of that day.

#QUEST FolkeDeluc
Folke Deluc
#TEXT   1
While I was attending to business in Saint-Pierre, Folke Deluc managed to land himself behind bars once again—predictably, over money. Damn him, how did he rack up new debts so quickly? The crew is grumbling; rescuing him a second time seems too much. Still, after the battle near Le François, my standing with the men has improved, and my name carries some weight on the island. I could look for a new navigator at the tavern, but my conscience won't let me abandon Folke so easily. He deserves at least a chance to explain himself. I need to find out how he managed to get into debt again in just a few hours.
#TEXT   2
Well, now it's all clear! The sly moneylender from Saint-Pierre realized he could profit from the navigator. He bought up all of Folke's debts across the French colonies. The total isn't small—an impressive 40 gold doubloons!
#TEXT   3
I've paid the debt for my wayward navigator. Let the townsfolk laugh; I'm still certain I did the right thing.
#TEXT   4
I've decided not to ransom Deluc. Finding a new navigator is far easier than constantly bailing out that old scoundrel.

#QUEST TheFormerKnight
Former Knight of the Order
#TEXT   1
No sooner had I stepped into the tavern than my officer, Claude Durand, approached me. At first, I thought the scoundrel would ask for money, as usual, but the matter proved far more serious. He owes Levasseur a favor and fears that failing to fulfill it could cost him his life. The favor is a grim one: to track down and kill a former Knight of the Order of Malta, whose name is unknown to us. The man is hiding somewhere in one of the English colonies. Durand's sword, strength, and skill are valuable to me, and he offers his loyalty in return. I agreed to help him, but even if we manage to find this needle in a haystack, the fight with this man will certainly be no easy task.
#TEXT   2
We managed to track down and eliminate the former Knight of the Order. Durand was intent on killing the knight's woman, who was unfortunate enough to be in the house at the time. Fortunately, I managed to talk him out of it. It's unsettling to realize he was capable of such an act, but I've spoken with him and am confident that, under my command, he won't entertain such thoughts again.
#TEXT   3
We managed to track down and eliminate the former Knight of the Order. Unfortunately, his woman was in the house as well, and Durand killed her too. I bear some responsibility for this. I'm not pleased with such actions, but it is part of his work and his past. Now he is free of his debt, and I hope he will remain loyal to me.
#TEXT   4
We managed to track down and eliminate the former Knight of the Order. Durand was intent on killing the knight's woman, who was unfortunate enough to be in the house at the time. Naturally, I couldn't allow this. We crossed swords once again, and once again, I proved the stronger. Had I known earlier what a scoundrel he was, I would have finished him back at Levasseur's residence.

#QUEST Tichingitu
Tichingitu
#TEXT   1
After Fadey was robbed, another thief broke into his place—an Indian, apparently in war paint. Fadey managed to detain him and handed the thief over to the commandant. I've heard much about the natives, but I've never seen an Indian in person. Since fate has brought me to the New World, I might as well take this chance to learn more about them. After all, they are an important part of this land.
#TEXT   2
I visited the Indian who broke into Fadey's house. His name is Tichingitu. He said he came to town in search of food. The punishment that Fadey and the commandant have planned for him seems rather harsh. I should speak with the prison warden—perhaps I can persuade him to reduce the sentence.
#TEXT   3
For a handful of gold doubloons, Fadey showed magnanimity and agreed to pardon the Indian. The commandant has no objections to this arrangement, so I can now inform Tichingitu that he is free.
#TEXT   4
The Indian expressed a desire to join my crew. After some brief consideration, I agreed. A loyal bodyguard who knows his way around a musket will undoubtedly prove useful.
#TEXT   5
The Indian, grateful for my selfless rescue from the hands of justice, insisted on joining my crew as a bodyguard. I refused him. I fear that having an unbaptized savage among the crew would provoke unrest among the men.
#TEXT   6
I never visited the Indian in prison. He's probably already been hanged.

#QUEST Regata
Regatta
#TEXT   1
I've received an invitation from Edward D'Oyley, the military governor of Jamaica, to participate in a sailing regatta. If I wish to take part, I'll need a lugger or courier lugger with excellent sailing qualities, as well as fifty thousand silver pesos for the entry fee. Once I'm prepared, I should report to Edward D'Oyley in Port Royal for further instructions.
#TEXT   2
During the regatta, my ship will sail under the name Santa Catalina. The competition begins in three days at noon at the Port Royal pier. The prize is two hundred fifty thousand pesos and a set of valuable awards—a truly lucrative opportunity.
#TEXT   3
The regatta has begun. The first checkpoint is Belize.
#TEXT   4
Excellent! I've reached Belize first! But it's too soon to relax. I must set sail immediately—the next checkpoint is Port-au-Prince.
#TEXT   5
I arrived in Belize second. I need to make haste if I want to catch up with the leader. The next checkpoint is Port-au-Prince.
#TEXT   6
I arrived in Belize third. Back to sea at once! I must catch up with my rivals. The next checkpoint is Port-au-Prince.
#TEXT   7
I arrived in Belize in fourth place. The gap isn't critical yet, so I hope I can catch up with the others. The next checkpoint is Port-au-Prince.
#TEXT   8
I arrived in Belize in fifth place. The gap to first is considerable, but if I steadily close the distance, I might still have a chance. The next checkpoint is Port-au-Prince.
#TEXT   9
I arrived in Belize at last. My situation seems nearly hopeless, but I won't give up. The next checkpoint is Port-au-Prince.
#TEXT   10
Excellent! I reached Port-au-Prince first! But it's too early to relax. I must set sail immediately—the next checkpoint is St. John's.
#TEXT   11
I arrived at Port-au-Prince in second place. I must make haste if I want to catch up with the leader. The next checkpoint is St. John's.
#TEXT   12
I arrived at Port-au-Prince in third place. Back to sea at once! I must catch up with my rivals. The next checkpoint is St. John's.
#TEXT   13
I arrived in Port-au-Prince in fourth place. The gap isn't critical yet, so I hope I can catch up to the others. The next checkpoint is St. John's.
#TEXT   14
I arrived in Port-au-Prince in fifth place. The gap to first is considerable, but if I steadily make up ground, I might still have a chance. The next checkpoint is St. John's.
#TEXT   15
I arrived at Port-au-Prince last. My situation seems nearly hopeless, but I won't give up. The next checkpoint is St. John's.
#TEXT   16
Excellent! I reached St. John's first! But it's too early to relax. I must set sail immediately—the next checkpoint is Bridgetown.
#TEXT   17
I arrived at St. John's in second place. I must make haste if I want to catch up with the leader. The next checkpoint is Bridgetown.
#TEXT   18
I arrived at St. John's third. Back to sea at once! I need to catch up with my rivals. The next checkpoint is Bridgetown.
#TEXT   19
I arrived at St. John's in fourth place. The gap isn't critical yet, so I still have a chance to catch up with the others. The next checkpoint is Bridgetown.
#TEXT   20
I arrived in St. John's in fifth place. The gap to first is considerable, but if I keep gaining ground, I might still have a chance. The next checkpoint is Bridgetown.
#TEXT   21
I arrived at St. John's at last. My situation seems nearly hopeless, but I won't give up. The next checkpoint is Bridgetown.
#TEXT   22
Excellent! I've reached Bridgetown first! One final push, and if I play my cards right, I'll stay ahead.
#TEXT   23
I arrived in Bridgetown in second place. I need to hurry! The final stretch lies ahead. If I make a bold move, I might overtake the leader.
#TEXT   24
I arrived in Bridgetown third. My chances are slim, but with some luck, I might still overtake my rivals and finish first.
#TEXT   25
I arrived in Bridgetown in fourth place. It's a significant setback before the final stretch. My chances are slim, but I'll do everything I can to catch up.
#TEXT   26
I reached Bridgetown in fifth place. My chances of finishing first in the final stretch are slim, but I won't give up.
#TEXT   27
I arrived in Bridgetown last. There's little hope of overtaking everyone, but I can still improve my standing in the race. I must make haste!
#TEXT   28
I've arrived in Belize. A man named Griffith Petifish offered me silk sails for my lugger for fifteen thousand pesos. I'm not sure they'll make much of a difference, but I agreed.
#TEXT   29
I've arrived in Belize. A man named Griffith Petifish offered to sell me silk sails for my lugger for fifteen thousand pesos. I refused—I don't see how they would benefit me.
#TEXT   30
At the port of Port-au-Prince, a group of enterprising smugglers offered to fire chain shot at a rival's ship in the Bay of Gonaïves for fifty thousand pesos. I couldn't pass up the chance to gain a few hours on my competitors.
#TEXT   31
At the port of Port-au-Prince, some enterprising smugglers offered to fire chain shot at a rival's ship in the Bay of Gonaïves for fifty thousand silver coins. I declined their services.
#TEXT   32
As soon as I set foot on the pier at St. John's, a priest approached me. After I donated 10,000 pesos, he warned me that my rivals had prepared a fireship against me. The lugger "@<sText>", flying the English flag, will be waiting for me near the harbor exit.
#TEXT   33
As soon as I set foot on the St. John's pier, a priest approached me. After I offered him @<sMoney> pesos, he warned me that some apostates were plotting to sink my ship as it left the harbor, and had outfitted a vessel for this very purpose.
#TEXT   34
As soon as I set foot on the pier at St. John's, a priest approached me. After I donated @<sMoney> pesos, he gave me a vague warning about "something ominous" awaiting me at sea.
#TEXT   35
As soon as I set foot on the pier at Saint John's, a priest approached me. It seems everyone in this regatta is trying to extort money from the participants.
#TEXT   36
Bridgetown is under siege by the Spanish. Governor @<sName> has asked me to evacuate the women to Cape Harrison, where they can take shelter in a cave and wait out the battle. I couldn't refuse such a request. I must get them to safety as soon as possible.
#TEXT   37
I successfully escorted the women to the cave. As a reward, I learned that there's a man named Woodrow Daugherty in Bridgetown. He's an experienced bargeman and may be able to help me reach Port Royal more quickly.
#TEXT   38
Bridgetown is under siege by the Spanish. The governor @<sName> asked me to evacuate the women to Garrison Point. After weighing the risks, I decided I couldn't undertake such a perilous task. They're safer remaining in the city.
#TEXT   39
I did it! I beat everyone and was the first to anchor at Port Royal! It wasn't easy, but I pulled it off. The award ceremony will be held tomorrow at the governor's residence, and I wouldn't miss it for the world.
#TEXT   40
I missed the victory! I was so close to overtaking my main rival and claiming the grand prize. I finished second. Damn it! If only I could have squeezed a bit more speed out of my sails...
#TEXT   41
The regatta is over. I finished in third place. Though there’s no prize for me, I’m satisfied with the result. It was an exciting adventure.
#TEXT   42
The regatta is over. I finished fourth. Though there’s no prize for me, I’m satisfied with the results. It was an exciting adventure.
#TEXT   43
The regatta is over. I finished in fifth place. Although there’s no prize for me, I’m satisfied with the result. It was an exciting adventure.
#TEXT   44
Damn it! I finished last. What a blunder. I should have stayed out of this regatta.
#TEXT   45
My regatta journey has come to an end. I broke the rules and was disqualified from the competition.

#QUEST LoyaltyPack
Voice of the Crew
#TEXT 1
Alonso Pimentel, chief mate and voice of my crew, wants to speak with me. I can find him in the hold.
#TEXT 2
While Alonso acknowledged my modest successes as captain, he's clearly concerned about me. He offered advice, gifted me useful equipment, and shared a story. Perhaps if I continue on this path, I'll hear the rest.
#TEXT 3
Alonso has requested a meeting. As usual, I'll find him in the hold.
#TEXT 4
Nearly a year has passed, and the crew has finally found confidence in me. Alonso masterfully dodged my questions about his past but shared another of his war tales. He clearly takes seriously that part of his duties concerning crew morale. Almost like a confessor, though I doubt priests gift their flock recipes for Muscovite brew and quality firearms. To be continued?
#TEXT 5
Alonso has requested a meeting. As usual, I'll find him in the hold.
#TEXT 6
Now I'm the owner of not only a modicum of fame in the Caribbean, but also a ridiculous-looking hat. While it can protect the head of an aspiring captain, it will definitely fall apart after a couple of solid blows. Nevertheless, my triumph was somewhat spoiled by the tragic story Alonso told me today. I don't know what it's supposed to teach me, but I'd like to meet his "Muscovite friend."
#TEXT 7
Alonso has requested a meeting. As usual, I'll find him in the hold.
#TEXT 8
Fadey? The very same Fadey from Basse-Terre? What a small world! I should pay him a visit.
#TEXT 9
Meeting Fadey made me think about many things. How many more "Alonsos" are in my crew? How many stories and peculiar human fates? I've heard only one voice, yet I now have hundreds. I don't know how my Caribbean odyssey will end, but thanks to Alonso's care and his simple gifts, I'm fully equipped, prepared, and ready to meet my fate.
